Come on, wait a little while for the
rock no
which puts us in the audience there is
no and no more if the corner puts it to you
up in the corner of the screen you
It is put there by the people who are coming in
okay okay
I'm in a hurry not to greet anyone. Greetings
It's a little cold, right? We had to.
open it up a little bit and go for it like that, well
Go boy, wait a moment to
that between people who mark me 6-0 but
Well I don't think there is zero in fact
I think there are people here who already have 327
right now
I'm already seeing it
Okay
draw a greeting
A deaf person, by the way, I'm taking advantage of this now.
we enter the path but I have to
Tell you Javier that you have followers of
the police station in Móstoles if anyone
send a greeting between them lower
I have relatives
Greetings Marco, I'll tell you later outside
camera who are your family members by
over there
discovered by the surname is not either
very discreet you know, I mean the last name is
the surname of which is not very common either
as if it were Rodrigo if you cross paths
some
Well, let's get started. Good night.
to everyone today is here with us
jandro androula john vale because you
call Sandro Lion or pseudonym my name
It's real, it's Alejandro and my last name is León.
So thanks Alejandro Lyons
habit so you can see the name of
youtube is cool, I'm a geek what do you
wait is that I have it planned for you
What happens is that right now I had a
lots of quotes but with this thing of
confinement that we cannot get out of
municipality and others like the tattoo artist
I have in
beyond the town' I think it is from
Here I send a kiss to Pastor and well no
I can go, I can't go and well we have it
a little bit for but I am also a
I planned to take something from YouTube to be part of it
of our life let's not say no man I
if one day we reach 100,000
Likewise, you also have money, something like that.
according to the people who get a tattoo
At least three will be done because it's addictive
Well, I started with a Chinese electric company
water was 15 years old and I think that I
The ankle is missing due to Dr. Mella
That's why I'm telling you, good Jandro.
Good night, good night and many
Thank you for accepting the invitation
Basically, we came here to
smooth things over a bit and talk a bit
little bit all the neither plugs that
we have had from the point of view a
such a short move at least for me
comparing it a little with the ones I usually do
I have but men and a little for
comment a little on the whole thing
what has happened and clarify some
points
I don't know if you wanted to start with something in
concrete Sandro or whatever I'm going to come out with
that they don't prepare me for that because
Unfortunately, this topic is by heart
given that
I don't think I would want to miss a thing either.
I haven't prepared anything for the script, I think.
I actually tell you this with all my heart
The only thing that is true is that I have
inside a thorn and I'm going to start with
She does give me permission first of all
greet your audience also greet
my audience that I see many around here
also say hello and comment how good the
things are changing, things are moving forward
Italic time then I decided for myself
part hide the video in which you
I criticized you but not anymore out of fear and such
and what if politics is to say I believe
That is already for dignity Javier is also
exactly the same thing written in private
to Rome' gallardo if I was
writing I am going to tell you two things one
is that things can be talked about and
better also happened to me a little mercy and and
the seconds that the next time you
I'm going to kill you, old man, if not
you believe it was necessary
know if you want and it is your video
channel
but there was no need to return to your sounds
things of the trajectory know things
because they remain registered there as if they were
It seems to feel good and makes me sleep well
So it's a bit about dignity now.
It's not saying it's not a little bit that having it
there when it is not relevant I have also
hidden one of a kind the last one
but that is to say it is a moment that is
It's true that maybe yours was a
little more personal attack did things that
He said yes and so and the last one to call it
It was about the issue of Polish fascism.
and such until I didn't have so much much to
see no but I think that there is no need
look for that finger in the wound and my
intention is a bit to put the axe in
war underground and that is the purpose
and with that I come and you can know
What's the surprise to see you at G7?
I have this sincere sincere many
thanks fester
and the truth is I'm not going to tell you that
surprises
I have to be very honest if I have something
apart from Tommy Fallo, I am very
I think it's transparent, but honestly it isn't.
one thing that surprised me
I hoped for the best that would come later
but no, it doesn't surprise me, you know.
Well, let's see, my intention is not to give up.
It's all true, my intention is to park
I mean I'm right now in a
disconnection phase I also rely on
I take advantage of a very low moment to
to say that they had surgery yesterday
My wife had a positive test surgically
of Kobe in my son's class and I took
isolated the move that I have
files that I have without employment and
salary until September are a series of
circumstances that the people who follow me
Well, you already know that it doesn't know for sure.
more caught at a time than not
I need fights until 4 in the morning
turning off games I don't need it I hope
that everything went well with regard to
What about your wife, who would tell you
Let's see, we have to come back on Friday and that's it.
a topic and the radical cervical
cervical
It's a bit like that and the poor thing is
going through a very bad time, this has been going on for years
back what happens that affects everything
does not affect daily life
in the work of will and such and good
Well, in the end he goes through surgery and
It's always fair, male makeup artist is
a little bit that has caught me together no but
It is true that what I am talking to you is
say
I don't think so much [ __ ] war is necessary
male
Forgive me for speaking to you this way.
you worry I imagine that it should be
something is not between inspiration
Christian for the moment, well, you see, I have
One thing I do have to say
clear
I am bothered by insults and I
I also recognize that sometimes the
[ __ ] just came out of my mouth
unintentionally but effectively by the
the fact that I am here and I take advantage of it
to say that if they don't crush me I'm not here
right now in the exercise of my
functions are fine but we as
police we always have the 2/86 which is
a law that has principles
acting basics and this is the 24
hours that happens that happens because it is that
Of course, logically, if you are doing it
some collaborations with a youtuber who
has open stories with others
YouTubers based on insults either by
Twitter, whether here or whether
whatever it is, well, the first thing is not a
good image towards me because also
I don't feel like going to war either and
say
Let's stop since I'm a police officer.
a crime of slander must be stopped
then it is part to part
They comment on these things, they comment on them
privately it is said once twice
three times you say a month you say a month
and a half is even helped with a lawsuit
If you want, we can talk about what to do
lack
but it helps and of course but if there is no one
end if there is no end and the attack no longer
It is not only political but it is already an attack
Personally, I think there is a limit then
For me, this is simply like
a kind of attention not because I don't
I wish no harm to anyone
eye I'm still a father where I'm on the front pages
I am still a member of Jong Planas if not
He doesn't see what I do in anything and I hope
the direction it takes is the correct one
because I like everything, right?
I enjoy everything, I'm really in it
direct contact with Galician that his
current collaborator God willing he will leave
to be carried away by certain people who
They are clearly harming you and you know it
those that are because I have told them so
and I'm not going to get into what has been discussed
to the west but we have told him a lot
we have also put comments
saying look man you can't use a
insult don't call illiterate don't call
scoundrels don't call so and so
because it generates hate
It's simply worth nothing more than that, not with
another way I'm not saying yes anymore but
the thing is that I manage a content
that in one way but is yours in another
That is to say, in the end, I believe that our
purpose makes cultural battle unhealthy
It's not a save me like my channel can be.
No
Well save me to always see with my
respect is not saying that everyone has the
channel that you have and that's it, the problem is
when I get into a save me that doesn't
I know how to control, okay, that's the issue.
because it is not my environment, my environment is
the police talk about look look at the
Tuesday I'm going to give you the exclusive that
On the channel on Tuesday I have the
Interview by Macarena de Lona at 11
the morning of the congress the deputies me
It looks great to score in Arona and who
No, I think it's a machine.
I have the heart, I have my wife and she
If you didn't misunderstand what I'm singing here
There has been some movement and there has been
there have been insults
by someone so publicly
You know the [ __ ] I don't have to either
say nothing what happens is that we are
take life in it being picking up
fragments of insults from each other
youtubers to have to make a new one
video I think that we should not get there
to that extreme, that is to say, you have your way
of talking and all the [ __ ] out there
four tacos and see them and then in the
next video I lame and loose others
four tacos
You can finish there, I've already done it
a lawyer criticized the
demagoguery because there have been certain things
of values ​​that I did not like
said uncle this I did not like he has me
answered and it's over, man, it's over
or not a constant war following
place I think is also where it arrives
a point where he sends me here speaks not
That is, you have put what you have to
put the other part too but now
become a partner in one session
even in your own audience it tires you
and this is told to you by someone who has a channel
of salcé or that can take 20 videos from the
same topic quietly but I could
becomes a loop that does not exist
way to discuss and up to there to the
wait and see what mistake, let's see
what little word do you take from another to
take it out of context to become it
in something a little obsessive is not a
war has already gone a little further than
battle culture and that even transcends
many times youtube and it goes to the
staff
but it perfectly means that I
I want to ask you a question, publish me
It really came to mind not to prepare it
but you would stop the attacks and your
constant videos towards me on flat and
Johann Planas also to be in my
ask if so to see you
sincere and drop forgive him has not happened to me
called abuser in four or five
times are worth it
It's sad, sorry, sorry, I would accept.
his apologies politely and
we would give the hatchet but friends
I'm not going to be a person who has it for me
said like that five times already already
the level has gone you have gone too far
I can clown on the day of celebrating those
things don't matter to me even in what you
I have said that it is part of the end of a
little of my theme no but I think that
the call the handler goes beyond much of the
Sandro line, that is, no, it wouldn't be no
I would have a cordial relationship with him, I think.
that apologizing would do him more favor
path sincerely worth another question
I have to make you ask three questions.
that come to mind
you and david prepare tea, saint is the
direct or famous everything is true where
I was working in such a way that
the attacks are flat
prepare his live you mean the
chapter of all truth in which David
He is already arguing about the issue of supermarkets
chairs or is that prepared the fact of
that Davis would talk to you about anything
so that you can organize yourself with the chat for
send the audience to criticize for
just like the uncles came out sporadically
It was a surprise, man, he was live.
at that time I was live on
fact that as people send to
to the chat because I have solutions and for
That's what people send to Chaves.
the same thing I said about you that I
I hoped at some point you were going to
separating from this person comes a time
that you're going to get tired, I said it about David, I think
I said it in the game over but I
He asked out of surprise that it be so soon
because it was like a month after and not seeing and in
at that time I had not had a relationship
good with david should not say that it was
bad but I didn't have it, I didn't talk as much as
we have arrived speak later know yes that
I knew him because I was invited to everything
It's true, in fact I was planning to
when I was invited to the real deal
but prepared man not prepared here
There is nothing here that is not known to you
You wake up in the morning with a surprise
Let's see you so logically I ask you this
Javier asks because these are things that are
have commented in certain groups where I
been inside that is to say this question no
It's not going to be a bad game.
to put out fires and make it known that's what it is
what I want to tell you no and another and
another important thing too and now
We change and I'll let you ask me
Whatever you want, that gang exists.
that is talked about so much is true that we have
you have a brutal relationship
that there is an exaggerated plot just like that
I do want to know that too, there is no
no kind of conspiracy
We are people who in fact already have
relationship before and Joan Plana could have
perfectly belonged to that pipe of his
CNDH and that it is not an organized group
The only thing that happens is that Joan has left
fighting one by one with all the people
in fact it has ended in the last week
from what I understand fight with
people who were part of his chupipandi like
It could be from Lara Ortega or Lobo or someone else
better people have been separating from
he or we get along well, we get along
well, since before, in fact, as you already know
I say, well, they invited me to everything.
true and he still got along with
that gang
I have collaborated many times with
freedom from what arises also with HIV
also collaborated
and man right now we do have in
common problem with Joan Plana but not
it's our fault
Of course, those are the things that
you start to open your eyes that's the issue
What I wanted to tell you is not to say
when you see that there is a common front of
many youtubers and you stop and then
everyone is in a bubble
logically that you do not want to do
nothing that harms anyone or anything and
is currently in the same bubble no
I don't want to harm anyone but it is
It is true that when within the week
Within the week you'll be with someone else
attitude good God willing not my
intention is not that
I'm not going to enter into any war with you
I guarantee it no matter what happens and look
I leave you here the test video so that
so you can see that I'm not going to attack
nobody uncle
It seems that lately 7 is guessed
I would do a little camera, dude, so don't [ __ ] with me
7 the guide I don't know why I don't know if you will be
something is wrongly connected but if I go for
male cable gave importance to your
interview my position is on cable by
once they sympathize fix would be done
a little bit maybe the program but
Well it doesn't happen because the audio is
perfect on mobile
is putting the best in my
screen of in fact to see I have supported
I think that Joan Plana is very much in favor of me.
just like you
I didn't expect to fight with him anymore
I tell you sincerely, in fact I
when he had the problem with HIV even
I tried to be as objective as possible
analyzing his fight and when he had the
debate with him with the hda with my friend
Lada, that's when the movement began
I also didn't expect to leave with me
I wanted that debate to be
sincerely
was going to stay there that night like a
debate a little bit about the chip with a little bit of
[ __ ] age but as a result of the day
next then some were fulfilled
patterns that I had already seen from Johann
with other moves that he had
had with other people and they were fulfilled
perfection you or that is was going up the
the insults are getting higher and higher
Twitter account for several days
dedicated to me and I think it was like
from the week when I already decided
start responding to dedicate to him
direct and other things before I
I started to dedicate myself to him, I kept that to him
would have said many things about me
among them included that I deserve
any disease that I don't know if I want
cut yourself there is a moment because that is
another thing that I don't see either
Well, as a police officer, I obviously can't.
shut up and that's one of the things that
This is what made me a moment of
reflection of stopping in all truth and
return if God wants and it happens and everything
returns to its course, angry God willing
the river returns to its next channel is my
My only claim is
that now begins for me
so it can happen as you say
but hey, I come with a good purpose, uncle.
enter the hatchet and that everyone
We understand the fact of war although
even if it is the one that programs the most
put or whatever but oh well it is
maybe that would be what I want
that people see a little is that there is a
moment to raise your head
you look back and you begin to see
victims, let me explain, then there is a
person who affected me a lot and
I'm going to say it publicly that it was
Here Jolie, go on, look, she fell from walking, what is she?
a youtuber who has made several
interventions here and such, well, when I
I saw that it got to the point that in order not to
Because of that conflict, it was necessary to tell him
that please leave I see her here for
It's true that Yolanda sends you greetings
now a while ago a while ago
a while but I was also adding
granite not then but of course when
There comes a point where your own
attitude you no longer know if it will bother or
It won't bother you if it creates doubts for you
even if you lend it to me, you care and give it to me
restlessness about being yourself
I think that's it, but if we're already going to a
point like him and also I was not going to talk about the
topic but how did you bring it to the event
I take advantage if we reach a point where
that he gets into your chat
Telegram to discuss with your own
followers
we have the limit we have it has been
put the Telegraaf records in your CDs
members and has gone with your followers
Let's see, I will always defend
a person and I forbid insult and it
My moderators know the problem is that
Maybe this is not your case, Javier, because
You live off YouTube and maybe you
you have more time for social media
but I don't, I have my family, look at the
circumstance that I have mentioned before
about my wife's operation and all
then I don't have that much time and
I'm also moving right now.
then I delegate my TV channel
large in certain moderators who by
It is true that they do an excellent job and
He then publicly congratulated the
moderators detected that there was a
problem right now with certain
people who came are worth it, they are good
who came to the chat among themselves I to
flat and in the end they decided to expel him
that expulsion from the big TV channel
the chat
to restore the chat to normal
you can know why not simply
because changes to see at first
because different ideologies look is that
very simple in the telde tele chat
Johann's large planes tend to be more
to the right and such and such box and such and
What was mine? I personally am
boxing and all that [ __ ] but I have a lot
People of political diversity are worth it because
because my chat is more focused on fair
polis justa pool has a one
initiative that is apolitical then there is
people who can but like it fair
for the people who remain after commenting
It's just that if plans are put into
that Telegraaf channel and someone related to
we can give an opinion
It will surely piss off whoever it is
whoever is truly right-wing then
It's that bad atmosphere but the problem is not
It is the proof that he came with a knife
between the teeth it pisses off today
influenced by another person saying
that they were already insulting him in this
channel and all the host when the only thing
what has been said on my great TV channel
Please stop the insults and
nothing more
It's nothing more and I say this
I have said it publicly here, but privately
there I have said it publicly everything is
true and I told you in the video
I'll tell you that it was a documentary about a
hour and 20 that you should not insult no
nothing happens without thinking about it now but what
Well, and how and how this has been taken
your decision, good for now and I hope
and I wish because I do these things
only to open the mind to
bury hatchets so that it happens
realize that there is no chupipandi that
Two people don't fight if one doesn't want to.
truth to shoot the war is because you
you want me to be there, I don't care
point to the turnip to fight with you Javier and
Right here I say Javi, come on, let's go
speak calmly and when
let's finish we have a [ __ ] beer
Balkan
and that's how it is, one guy gives you a greeting
I'm not going to talk because there's something that doesn't suit me.
ends of block I did not apply for
example as I have already said a few
minutes with david I have always had a
incredible friendship okay is a person
that I like very much from the one that
I know but an incredible trust
we have never had the difference between
David and Sandro, for example,
I haven't seen you, it's because I already had the
war in quotes because in my
head there is no war with jon
flat not the issue of green over and so on
and david kept taking this and kept going
having the program with you without
However, I have not seen in David any
ugly towards me while I
I was fighting with Johann and I think
that it should be like that because the fight
It wasn't with him, it was between me and Joan Plana
no nor have I seen it from anyone
David towards none of the others
companions such as alienated or
Miguel
However, what Sandro noticed in you
that person I love was leaving
distancing yourself today is having a problem
you also called yourself to the cause
Okay, so the answer to that is my
penance uncle in the penance of al
look back and have believed
only to the only truth, notice what
curious not because I have made videos
Alfredo Perdiguero is currently attacking
who is a sub-inspector who only
makes selected news so that
believe only your truth not man I
I'm going to commit a greeting, thank you very much
Thanks, I've hidden your video.
Sergio, well the question is what
The question is that with the super chat
of what I have said that has been brought
you also fighting with the people who were going
having problems with Joan Plana as
If the problem were yours of course but that
What happens is that you are in a bubble
that in the end you enter into that
bubble and you don't realize and they tell you
Look, you see this and you believe it, I breathe.
I often equate it with what it is
independence not independence you
He comes and tells you, look at this, he says, have one
[ __ ] [ __ ] but when you've been at it for 100
better they slip you a clear one and take you
a thousand have already slipped you a few
He explained that he got the 10 because that was the whole thing.
while at the end yes the same because they went to me
flying things out of his cndh pipe and the other
of I don't know what, of such and such and in the end, well
you are convinced uncle you are convinced
He says, but well, how do you do this?
attack the [ __ ] market, the lame videos
Javier forgets that we are going to put the
I demand that I present you my advice and
we'll talk about that later, we'll talk about it
Of all the topics, if there is one that we
you want to mention why they tell me there is
no problem, I would prefer that you speak
we do everything but then we are in a hurry
That's because this is fun, really.
So basically Jandro, let's see why.
Of course, when Ortega came to me
a couple of weeks ago just like that
This wolf, no, I just said like, let's see
how I believe myself now that you have
removed the blindfold
or you are really not sorry and it is
that you are seeing
the wolf's mouth no no the wolf's mouth
It is empathy is the fact that when
you look back at the series of victims and you
feel guilty and say why do I have
to be here because I have made a
video of a man and 20
Felipe, thank you very much because that
It was my coffee the story the story is
that
is what makes you feel bad makes you
feel bad I think there are things that
They know how to sing, Jandro, how nice to see you, man.
Thank you very much, he didn't even tell me
sometimes I'm handsome and so and so is
that you know well
Sandro's thing sometimes is a lot
People may think that you really
You have said that now the situation is that
that you are wrong and you really are
seeking protection in the norm no no no
They look for the suck of I have my
penance and you made yours
the pace at which I take my political course
forward I ask you eyes not me my
intention is to be here now come to
Javi, please get on my lap.
thanks thanks to the lightning bolt, trouble man
thanks a hug the thing is that no
you or no is not the intention
Come on, let's go so that as it is, but yes
I think there is a penance I have
What happens is to say if I have done it wrong
you have to show your [ __ ] face, that is to say, I have
done badly, trunk, let's brake, brake
breathe, ask for forgiveness
and I have many thorns and among them
Davis High was worth my saints too
send him a super chat right now that
I was in an alienated state with a gentleman from
Logroño to apologize to them as well
publicly sees everything to his audience
Now here with you when I can I will do it
I will do with Rome gallardo with whoever and
from here new ground uncle ground
new is over or guys conscience
calm down, I can sleep now
Let's talk now about my things
Police, let's now interview
Macarena Lona, let's go as is, I don't
I need to be there all the time
But if tomorrow something happens
collaboration with you for mother dispute
but I'm not going to look for what you
I mean he explained nothing to me
refers to that but to the best
undertake and thank you very much
thanks but maybe I have some
kind of fear of what might happen to you
from now on for fear man
I hope not passionate and my intention is
between the real hatchet of war
I truly say my intention from the heart
It is in two three weeks one week yes
everything smells like its course
Look, everyone can make mistakes.
even arriving at a plan is already
say from now on I won't say a word
insult from now on everything is
correct from now on hear me
wrong and such and such a [ __ ] man then
brotherhood if we do not seek more if in a pineapple
we are stronger, damn if we are better
talking about all this if there weren't so many
right-wing channels as it seems, I [ __ ] myself
in the [ __ ] then we are going to lean on
moving forward is my humble opinion
Now yes, I'm doing this, sorry to
Ingrid, thank you very much, barrel
I have never called you, I never call you
Joan Plana's pet because it seems to me
very defensive to do that
and with the twitter you put it and
when you took the comment when the
Direct from Gallardo and I Planet Clothing
equal
I don't remember mentioning it better to read the
comments
and tell you that it may seem like the
pet but not calling you mortals is
how twisted it is, the twisted one showed
then you also took his hanger from him
twisted and also as if saying that
Jandro says that everyone should subscribe
world I channel the damn salsa of
people who believe the channel is good
Now they are afraid that I used to be like that and that
your twitter is the penance that
It can happen, I wish with all my heart
that it does not happen because my intention is that
Let us return again to the cordiality that
Let us return to the union that tomorrow
come back again to all truth then
I'm coming back, Johann Planes is coming back to me
channel then returns that we all collaborate
together and the purge comes, it comes for me
The Matrix and whoever the hell comes comes
with power we are going to talk but once
constant war
That wears you out, you know that yesterday I was
It's four in the morning answering
things in the chat with my wife just now
My son had surgery after testing positive in Kobe
just as you need, I have to be there
no live site no live no
the things you still have pending
people ask see these things no
I have no need, dude, very much.
well in a here in something it seems to me
interesting
Why do you think Plana didn't want to?
debate with me sandro but he didn't have one
debate with you previously have not
had none of the good vibes but in
plan after Brno wine
Well, he didn't make them anymore, there is that.
ask him I understand maybe
that because of the tension or because of the set I
better also maybe he also knows it
What happens when you have many
open fronts and I tell you
personally for the conversation that
we have had before the first thing that I you
asked is to see is recording the
conversation that is not normally
lifts but I normally record everything
everything everything everything and from experience I tell you
I recommend watching it because the story is
that I'm not like that, I'm more stupid
that the [ __ ] stones and I recognize it and
then it came and I said look I'm going to give
absolute full confidence and trust in everyone
world
It's not about trust, it's about
that always as long as you don't say
nothing bad or do anything wrong will not happen
there is nothing recorded of you that will harm you
harm
That's what happens many times that
They lie about you that it's always good
you know how to have things well tied up later
especially here on the internet jandro I don't
I lose the game but I recognize that that
My big mistake is my constant stupidity
and it seems that I am 18 years old and that's it, 5
Sometimes my wife knows there will be a lot with
These things and well, my mistake, man.
I don't know, sometimes I have that confidence
supreme and stupid that where it went
the thing that came to pass was that we had the fight
with arriving that in the end all the
host and look at what then and such well my
intention was to do a live show tomorrow
your channel and I was going to eat the cookie
the peace that I had not even prepared for
Look where Diego and Pollo la Vaca are.
because she sees her cancel because I look for
Uncle Paz, what I'm looking for is [ __ ] peace.
I'm not going to take the axe and bury it.
allow the full house to arrive yesterday
It is true that he gets hot with four things
What do I say about Joan Plana if she arrives and does it?
a direct and heaven for leaving this
food to slow down calmly trunk
Let's first make peace, that's what
people understand what is happening and
then we eat the diet for
later but now he breathes I think
that you are too positive I
It seems that it is not finished yet
get out of the bubble in which you are not yet
have you noticed that this is a pattern
which follows and
I hope I'm wrong but
I think it won't be any different with you.
Well, I hope I have hope and
look what you have and this, let's go, I don't
the machine prepared the only thing that has
liked all the topics here
the moves so that we go
commenting but look at what you see
and that when the first contact happened that
We had a guy who was with the Twitter thing
this one that we got the headlines about
Of the news and so on, the first thing
The first thing Vicky told me was no
I would go against you much, for you are
Good people, well, look, and Vicky now
when I put a super chat by the way
an innocent duke greeting when recording
a lot in the car dude is happening to him
like this Russian YouTuber
the dresser will leave me, but it will not leave me.
who participated with us in the song
pretty good with chest points
and with children that you expect
Note that even after having
fought with Vicky Vale
She asked me not to be hard on you
in the sense that he was a good person in
true my name is m I always speak to me
It speaks very well of you, so look now
What do you say? I just put a super
chat you have passed to guasave I say it for
If you feel like putting whatever it is, I don't mind
I care about what is billed
and precisely to apologize to
they publicly and Vicky is the goat or
Well now the three of us, but Vicky too.
He dedicated a few words to me and
started telling me it's good Sandro don't you
worry about me, there is no problem
such and such or that is really
We also maintain that friendship has
you're looking at it, you spend it and one
water
a hug the first one has passed a hug
enormous to the abyss both a lord of
Logroño, you're welcome to tell him that I owe him one.
publicly apologize that they have
demonstrated great human quality and that
I hope you forgive me one day I'm going to
Javi's channel is free to forgive, has seen
I apologized because he gave me the
competition yes well we are not
competition we are not competition men
we are here to help each other
and I see you and honestly now we're going to
spend a little time reading them and what we
we have crossed besides twitter if you
it seems but apart from this difference
that I have seen with you regarding why
example warning that as I eat you as I eat you
I commented, they warn you, everyone doesn't get involved
their disputes in plan until
just keep going keep fighting
with someone
David took a position that was not the
same YouTube box that was at the same time
that flat was separating from someone you
supposedly was separating that
person maybe is a better one than
I have also seen a little of what it is like
police the police are guilty of
macho corporatism but I have to
admit okay then maybe then
I have seen from a distance not when it has already
past time because it turns out that when
Something happens to a classmate
police try to save his ass instead
to take and say look and give it four
Damn, and then maybe that happened to me.
He applied to me what he means is true
so that the other always and always
I wanted to save the same ass for
example they saw insults
against one side but they never saw the
other's faults if I saw it but in
private
it wasn't very much the thing was not applied
bubble was counting too
collaborated and as you can see having a
good relationship you have seen us in
person and everything and in fact what happens
What is the first question I ask you?
before if you had planned the topic of
that of such truth
and if I drill myself with that then you have
to understand that my brain was
placed here and that we had
planned the model of the whole truth
you understand exactly then now
When you leave there you talk to
by phone with David Santos now
you start to see other different things
that there has been no plan that has been
come out just like that then you give yourself
realize that it is the [ __ ] is that here it is
There have been some things that I might not have noticed.
I have seen correctly, let's start
remove videos that I made a mistake
in teeth
Yes, I understand, but let's see if you can speak in private.
You tell him the insult, not in this case
which is the example I gave you, no
because he says in public that of others
I have said in public that of others
I have supported the other to do what he has to do
to do but then in private too
I told him, I said, hey, look if he's there
another committing insults, do not do it yourself
Nor has the big problem come from
there because his own followers
commit crimes of slander both the
[ __ ] insulting, damn, let's talk
look precisely at one of the one of the
things that I have noticed here I don't know I don't know
Sandro will be informed, but I have
a follower called karime
that makes you feel like sending a kiss to her
I want very much no and took Joan Plana
put a clip that I also see that one
a bit toxic thing when I fight
with the people I pull the people with whom
I have a problem and I don't know if it's a topic
of salt or of public controversy no
let's say he's getting into trouble
I carried out in my content I have
comment on it don't imagine big flat it is
fight with is warning ok that topic no
I have comments on my channel because my
channel tries to sell seo but I'm not
pending all the live shows
Johann Plan Ave, I don't know where he puts his foot in it.
If I'm explaining myself, a hug, Nanuk.
said let's talk about everything a calm light
and look
Thank you very much also for being for your
super chat what what I wanted is and I
I'm waiting for people's live shows
with which not the flat so all the
days or puts a click of the director of
warning about a live broadcast of the girls
from the program is a topic to bring here
They don't wear it now and he posted a tweet with
a click from the girl does not plot for what
that what it said but Mikel came out
This one who is a follower of yours is not good
leaving Johann more than you and I say
Well, he started insulting a lot.
derogatory towards her tussam genius of
I have nothing feminist, I think so.
I had realized but nothing makes me loyal
that he is falling asleep because he is not
They are talking about [ __ ] to each other
She is a drug addict and the other I know that
then karime of my followers
posted a tweet and replied I am
telling him that he wanted to be strong what
They had put no and started calling the
[ __ ] karime karime karime is a
70-year-old lady, in her forties, no
that a lady came out of the 80 respectable
Well, I think that respecting everyone
world but above all to person
could be your mother and they started to
tell him that where he had to go was a
corner and these were tweets in which
Joan Plana although he is not the one who does it
say but was label or he is it
I was watching and I wasn't able to say it
since you're saying the kid
I also have something to tell you,
example the tweet at the entrance to the live
yours from yesterday I saw it today, that is to say
I no longer know what activity he will have
on Twitter, which is sure to be much more
I'm not going to argue with you about mine.
but I, for example, do not have that
activity I would surely have
Seeing that, maybe I'll get involved too.
Even the GDP, hey, it's not right what
You are being careful because I'm screwed
I admit I try to go it has always happened
even appeasing by recognizing both
crimes
another thing that I will tell you later
publicly to another in private until
They call it inflating the balls and I'm already saying it
not everything in a brutal way but it is true that
I really insist, man, I insist, I think
that this can be fixed, damn it
has a good purpose that can be trained
to the hatchet that you are not
friends, it's fine, but you can
finish both on your part and on the part of
yours and a good path can be reconciled
I tell you one thing is to train with an axe
of war and another thing is that I go from
area is contained within me
tomorrow is done with all the
YouTubers, although I don't get married, I still do.
I'm telling you if you're here tomorrow
In a controversy I am going to comment on it
Being as objective as I can, I believe
If I have to agree with you, I will agree with you.
I give if not you do not understand me and this with
whoever it is is also like that
but I inform you and you inform me, measure it
mastered and arranged in detail with me
He is a person who can talk to me
I consider myself not a person
inaccessible nor closed knows
surprised because they had painted me that
I managed to get you to tell me on the phone
There are things that maybe I could
It's okay to bother, but I don't think that I
you have done something that has harmed me
seriously
as if to talk to you too I tell you
One thing is that in my position if something
If it seriously harms you, it will come to me
disciplinary regime to [ __ ]
but I hope that apart apart
God, I can't sleep with myself.
but my way of being and the silly thing
that I am if I do something that harms
Someone seriously couldn't even sleep
I am like that, that is the case that is happening
Now when he raises his head I have seen
that there were victims I said there are
you have to stop to breathe and
start asking for forgiveness, damn it
person to see really seems to me a
a little bit selfish that I have given you
tell now because really man to
see today is hungry to see what happens that
no no it's like you never how does that go
Yes, but let's see, there are people who have a very hard time.
bad during all this thing or rather
I, I consider that well, I think that you
you have to have a certain appreciation for them
Vicky no yes but but be careful before that
Say that if you think it happened to me
well and if it is that I will have a good time
from now on
you have to have balls to get there and
say come on brake knowing what
is going to come now that I hope not me
I was looking forward to it, I don't understand, that is
that for me it would have been easier to say
[ __ ] narco-style scholarships don't you
I want to destabilize live but
In fact, a tweet has already been posted.
right now, veiledly threatened, okay
but a little further on we will go to indicate
penance if for example Vicky does not
can a person call her a drug addict?
You know perfectly well, Sandro, why I
I think they are not 40 years old, they are not 10
You know perfectly well that when you are
call someone a drug addict no matter how much
when smoking
If you smoke, you are a tobacco addict.
You know that the intention was not good.
you know when it's called ready drug
someone does it with a more connotation
ugly as it is, yes I know
and with the affection that you have for Vicky
that I think you have collaborated more with and
Lotina, I guarantee it to you more than to the heart
male will notice will notice for saying anything to
you or rather stop calling her
I have been publicly addicted to drugs
said and very much for this same life my uncle
moving is that I have not stopped saying leave
enjoy people passing by
manipulate the balls, that is, you, you
privately he has been telling you that
stop calling the drug addict again
I have privately said to stop
insult everyone
and there in that aspect also included
Vicky, maybe not exactly.
I remember if at the time I saw that I had
said hey with the strattera drug
the same because logically I'm going to do one
thing quote that happened to me a very story
It's funny that he gave me a hug
geeks
I tell him, hey
stop insulting, I don't insult
scoundrel is at the root and the
alphabet I also say already tive but it is
They are derogatory words and I am going to
post a comment that they left me on
channel of a person who doesn't watch videos
constantly and that follows by example
I'm going to give the example of one since it is
Here the audience then I send you a
I also greet you and I am seeing life
to HIV what a political issue and suddenly
I realize the ideology that led
maybe what is contrary to mine is
be and now I also realize that it is
There are certain things you are saying that are true.
that they are not going to stories there it does not say but
Not because of that I am illiterate or a
shameless is that I realize more
late because I'm not as involved as
you guys on the youtube topic and that's it
and that doesn't mean I don't like it
content let me explain no that's over and
what happens what happens that when you
You show that and say look, see this is the one
reality of what is happening we are going to
stop because the only thing we generate is
I hate, let's stop and here you have it
the test that censors if you don't say it is
censorship but he doesn't tell you, he tells you
the people who are there are
carrying that they are certain people
members of the telegram subgroup
certain people in your group
Telegraph that they are getting into my group
from telegraph
and hot in the air you can throw yourself
four hours explaining this to them that no
They will understand it and will warm up in the
head also help flat I many
Sometimes there is a plane where I see her as a victim
manipulated by certain people
impressionable too, I really say it
I mean no, I don't see it, no, no, I don't see everything.
You better see it now because you already have more
open fronts and such and such and you see it
like with Malaga host such but I
I see that you have been influenced
by certain people who were not the
just correct and I don't see anything wrong with it, man
male
android I do not consider that Joan Plana
be an impressionable person and what
He says that I have to figure it out
that she says hello to me and I'm going to give her my
thorn
and in that group they feed back on what
what is happening and at the end of warming up
It gets hot because a nervous guy and
says reid let's launch these same ones
people that they mentioned to you before
They told this to Karim the other day
They have put you on me and threatened me with
there is a website that had spears
fake headlines no if you do like the
jokes to the website is really
intended for you to play pranks on your
colleagues, it's okay if you put a headline
false in the plan Enrique Iglesias dead is
exactly that because they took it and
They started to publish fake headlines about me
accusing me of crimes of grace
use that they started to share that
link threatening me that I wouldn't take them out
Someone will not see Chan flat because they were going to
distribute that news until until
My fifth eye neighbor is with this one
same people, what do you think?
want
people to the customer but I'm out of
my style function let me say it because
They crack me yes yes yes of course but what
give your opinion when it is already called safely
He is frustrated as honey because he thought that I have
had to call Miguel on the phone
and also tell him with my penance
Forgive me because I have not known
control it and that's what I think it screws you up
It's another of my thorns in my heart
because he's not exactly a bad guy
come to me to tell me why you don't
you realize you don't see it and it's another of the
people who today publicly
has also asked for forgiveness again from
fit the one of Mateo of 7 in private
They will always speak very well of you.
the ibi that well I tell you that Miguel is
one is a great macho person
And well, there you really realize
when people come and pass by
these things or already called today has called
by phone to more people than just
my friend
today for today today yes of course well let's see
I've been a couple of days since I notified
that I was getting out of everything is true
temporarily if God wants but if
calls himself that attacks me in the
twitter well he how and how not no
I want you to have
that it stabilizes right now not done
tell that nothing happens and how you
received the people when he called because
The funny thing is that
and that's the sad thing was the funny thing is that
They have understood it and are happy.
They have understood it with great joy and have
said hey jandro whatever you need
for my part and as it says but
Get ready, then it's coming, it's one thing
as if saying, well, I hope not me
I am confident that nothing will happen
I truly return to the same thing, that is
I want to take my path
quietly
we are going to bury the hatchets of war, I don't know
It's funny, I like to talk about SEO.
my police themes of politics
just like a law of I don't know what
police intervention is my thing
He said leave me alone with such but
Of course, in the end they are going to take you to everything
That's what I know and then maybe something else
another ugly detail for that
Let's all learn because it's my greatest
error no and it is the supreme confidence before
someone because you are wrong
But well, I'm not the one to tell you
nothing because I make mistakes too
I am often guilty of being an idiot and well
I've gotten into big trouble and
even for defending someone he shouldn't have
also knows then I understand you know
can perfectly empathize with you
but basically so surprised that the
people are
the call is so well received
because otherwise you might
They would have said now you're going to take it for
ass
I understand that there will be many like that, it's still worth it.
It happens with the attacks, that is to say, I often
sometimes I say [ __ ] of course if you can
attack on YouTube and YouTube gets tired
for example I always put that which is
macabre saying extrapolated it to the attacks
You tell us that today's Atacama is still there
Santos gets tired, we attack, it's dry now
How Vicky visits the Lord of Atacama
He doesn't shut up, he attacks his TV, that's what I already know.
China and makes you some video but a time passes
After so much attack, he says, look
I'm going to stop this extra balls and stop
attack you you answer also is that
It depends, there are people who will fill up
then I return again to what I most
ask first because there will be people who
Receive it well and I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
because I really have the thorn
inside and it hurts and I didn't like it
leave so many victims behind and there will be people
that he won't want to see me in my [ __ ] life and in
the penance that I have to take to the
grave uncle what am I going to do it hurts me
It hurts every time it hurts me I'm not a
person who likes to be in conflict
with the people and also because he believes
Sandro because he believes that there are always these
conflicts god
We all have conflicts with people, that is
Humans fight with others
human beings because it does not match and
because with him they are always one hundred percent
One hundred people take us obviously that
We've all had a fight with someone else
partner or whoever but you believe me
that is why the world control in me
case of lack of communication, that is to say
It is clear that if I had had a
a little more communication with the
otherwise I would not have fallen into what I have
fallen from choosing a call with you no
a call with this would have fallen into
Román Gallardón would have fallen with the robbery
Gallardo, I'll take a call for a while.
so in my case the lack of
communication I understand that if we enter into
the lack of communication and belief
reliably in absolutely everything
What they tell us, then we are going to commit
those errors then are lack of
communication and lack of information because
I will send it with you for example, it is worth it
That's why I respond with videos.
Excuse me, let me go live.
Okay, seriously, now I'll do it. Now I'll send you the
link
Let's see, but since it's getting like that
way I want to say to the time that they have
had wars that Joan launched a
video or the one launched only towards
reference to a time of war nothing
more but nothing more
Now if you want to enter it was chosen and
any more to chat with you and
clarify something when we finish talking
Yes, yes, it seems fine to you, of course.
we invite them and clarify and also
Giordano, a big hug
but don't worry about that right now
It's no, well that's it and that tweet ends me up
to be a pain in the ass
because I have shown you that is a video
that I have even shown evidence and you do not
don't worry it's not don't worry now
Same Sandro, let's see if you like, let's go
put a little bit we'll clarify it a little bit no
the nonsense we've had from you that
Basically there have been four tweets, okay?
apart from the director
and
This was great, man, your move.
I admit it was very good, it's super
easy bastard but there may also be
a good mother
make it clear that I knew about you because
many more people when they have some
lots of people moved in the comments
talk to jandro lyon who is on youtube
police
I knew of its existence but I never
I had never said anything either.
I had never messed with you because of
in fact they had always spoken well of me
everyone and suddenly I find myself
that you come to the neck with my ballack and
you say sincerely savioli meditate
after several videos doing
crimes of slander and libel against
Joan Planas in addition to another alleged
crime of harassment towards one's property
referring to the film knowing that
has experience that she does not
before seeing my response to Sandro I would
I want to ask why it has a seat and
get me done uncle followed camera put
with you it's worth it you're collaborating with a
person and this person constant within
over a long period of time it starts to get to you
say look at this mini who insulted me and
insulted but be careful it is not only that
I don't want to put all the blame on
Yonhap the native who seems to be wearing
flat of the ultra bad but of course it is that
logically he is the one who runs the channel
from youtube and the one who cited the videos but
that has a community that is
complicated too then that's what
I want you to see that there are three or four
There they are giving their all to the hand
So if this is what's starting to happen to you
small links look how he insults her
look here look at this look at this
patrimonial that I put the
heritage see how it is spamming
sidewalk towards the movie so they can give it to him
everything satish like in your movie
Look, I don't know how much Cali is going to you.
selling that and they tell you [ __ ] man see
how is it possible but as possible as
It is possible as clearly as you see yourself
Saying [ __ ] I'm not going to ask such a thing
because the video makes it clear that it is
saying here to dislike such and such
To give you an example, I don't know, I want
tell you that they are fragments of things that
it fits you, not that they fit you
Well, logically you say, man.
I'm going to tell you if it's true because
I previously went to Google and put that
from you know the image to I don't know what comes out of it
I say that if you have it activated, I'll master it.
I'll master it right now, I say they have it
knowledge with which you want something so that
He gets into this [ __ ] mess but
Rodrigo has done it if it is really that
It bothered me because this was a thing that
The fact really pissed me off, man.
of the news and we have been
talking to you and on the phone I know that you
You know that the media issue affects you.
a lot of [ __ ] because here on youtube
Hector Mendoza who is immediately skilled
It is not wanted to be sent but they see this
your aunt from Móstoles where where is
the child knows and of course what I am
This medium that I'm seeing here is
The problem here is that the complaint is not
I have not been reported for harassing
They have filed a complaint that
simply by right to the honor that is
for allegedly offensive expressions
Ok, we'll see about that.
and of course apart from this when you saw
in the video you made a mistake you said
Well, we'll see if the headline is
lie or not we will see the headline on the 21st
when the judge comes out but it's not me
I am being played for harassment, I am being played
judge why these people have presented
a complaint saying at minute 19 me
call [ __ ] for having I think not
I said you have committed a crime of harassment no
as such it is not worth it just in case for
make it clear clear by sliding say now
We will see if this is true or false if it is
headline is true lie is understood
why don't you question it?
Okay, that's why I returned it to you this morning.
putting it in doubt I say it
Okay, and Metropol also supports, okay, let's go.
to make it clear and said to see we are some
He plays really good [ __ ] because I
cost 20
and on top of that it was a hate crime
for the Mossos for the independence of
kaghaz you [ __ ] that I said that file
[ __ ] man, [ __ ], and it's been good for me
the pellets but oh well 5 for nothing
trunk mistakes that are made I myself
I apologize here right now before you and before
your audience and that's it and we're going to
dangers 'let bygones be bygones' trunk that
the lawsuit goes well, don't you, don't you
Don't worry, thank you very much, as you don't have
a problem we have already talked about is
apologize on the phone too and does not do
I need to be told more times, I don't
I am a colossus but a heritage site
It's not the movie, no no no, what's happening
It is that giving to the heritage I understand
that money will be earned from the
views for having it there
etcetera etcetera then start to is
position the film with the this
likes because I understand that I took it
like an attack
here
Well there is Palermo heritage to
heritage would be like for example
Joan Plana made people send to
report my channel and report my account and
Sara
and that would be one for those and my job
But Joan Plana from the film doesn't get paid.
if I got paid, damn it, with the views
I have no [ __ ] idea about this, I say it
to say but I understand that yes
will charge for that movie I think it is not
monetizing anyway but
supposedly uploaded it for free so as not to
profit from it and here comes one thing
A little strange because you answered in Elche
but here the other one
Sandro, I have never been reported and
condemned for what this headline says
However, you are suspended.
of employment and salary there is a crime in
the [ __ ] ass is percent what it is
Don Jandro, nation of the children
but anyway a little face
[ __ ] it has to be said because you'll see I'm going
to explain to everyone
the 20 days that it was for a crime of
I hate that they voted for me
independence for the issue of the
knife, that is to say, look, they engraved me
privately there are no mixtures
There are two things because the headline above
refers to my next
file be, look at what I'm telling you in
That's my next file, the owner
but it refers to the previous one, that is,
that you filed two files against me at once
It was a master move and on top of that
advance that I put you again and you
You answered once that also good of
This thesis is better for me
Well the question is that
so that the audience knows
simply at a private party
justa paul i had my t-shirt
football and then they give me the knife
that I have taken out before the same and we had
all four beers on top and that's it and
then they give me the knife, the knife
I don't know if I'll ever see him at the club.
I'm going to try to put it like that a little bit
closer and it is recorded exactly like that
puts Jandro in the best position
youtube you use bolero from ciudad real is
It's good, well, very cool, not at all.
being there, one in the background does not know
listen but in that video you can hear the
knife with the veins and then I take
and I follow the [ __ ] grace and fluffiness in
I'm going to leave the honeycomb tribute in the
floor and hahahahaha we continue okay body
That's it, that's it, and what happened? Well, what?
Someone who recorded there uploaded it to Twitter
They take the fragment of the [ __ ] 15
seconds and the famous Albert Donaire and
your Mossos for independence are leaving
When judging, they charge me with a hate crime.
against the menas when it reaches the judge
Look if she was a judge and says this is a
supported [ __ ]
but they take this document
and they put it publicly and start to
publicly attack the judge for
file that crime and that movement that
It was done through social networks
general directorate of police does not
I like it a lot and they put me in at the end
120 days of employment and salary for a
crimes filed to see how far
The thing arrives and they really screwed me over, man.
but that headline that has come out
there when I was fulfilling the one
I just told you about that knife
next thing I did was become a journalist
María Montero who is an aunt who has
demands with me also public that
On top of that, this woman
Well, she is a complicated aunt, in fact, God.
wants to see my face, he judges it
because he has a movie with me
important vale has made leaks
fat women have taken my image as a police officer
bet on all sides, that is to say, it is
fat the cache but oh well I have to
outside of all this complicated total that
file is the following what you
What I did was use the boxing logo
put the police logo aside
national and the civil guard
As for my face, they gave me one.
violation of the electoral law, tell me
what the [ __ ] does that have to do with
national police but it's been two months
salary
and here I tell you basically what
I wanted to arrive not because you told me
I also recommend that you learn to
read well I'll put you I'll put you several
things that I'm not slandering or anything
not about that and you tell me hey I'll lose it
I also recommend that you learn to
read carefully, fool, it's not slander
insult
because you tell me in the tweet that my
channel is dedicated to insults and slander and
listen
that the PSE for the hearing the crime
To slander is to tell someone that
commits a crime and does not do it is not
the case I refer to as slander
lie as a lie the word is already
slander not as a crime of Cabranes but
walking lies and slander in addition with
reckless disregard for the truth with
knowledge that it is false I hope
but I want to say that I am not
referring to the remaining criminal issue
Of course you commit a crime of
slander what it means
Why do you slander me?
And then I say thank you very much for
recognize that Joan Plana to the jury
half the planet doesn't mean that because it's like that you're not
telling me that I that I do in
July for calling him an idiot who hasn't
said much more than stupid and I don't know if he
I said on one occasion that they eat me
eggs something is known that is not not
much more than I know what I say so he
He told me a lot of things
times and illiterate that I have no neuron
silly more claw you deserve any
disease
abuser told me between suites
He said it live, he said it on
email to a follower of mine that I have to
would be willing to identify and in the
groups of telera that you have to only
I would also call myself an abuser because
So in that in the Telegraaf group
that you have
I also call myself an abuser.
clear in video capture how have they been
filtered
yes yes yes there is someone in the group the
your telegraph there are about 70-80
People who send us videos must
when you dispute who it will be but look
what they have put look at what he has said
Andrés look at what he said and they go but
from the beginning and there I also
I call abuser
and those go further that is slander by
example is enough that is a slander
if you are not an abuser you are
abuser is not a slander that tends to
have an abuser
It is not clear there, but it is true that
It is a mistake on your part, logically not.
I'm going to defend that, man, you'll get it too.
I say publicly
I thank you and nothing basically that and
because they threw a video at you and then they told me
I realized then I realized that
It is YouTube's own policy that
does not allow insults then of course if I
I make a video with the insults towards
Joan Planas for that video or something like that.
logically
what I have done has been good to know
I complained about the stress that I was told
no way it continues like this and then it
It stays there as I have always done
delete what has said yes in time
that we do then warnings you not
never have them removed
[ __ ] it then I'll be more careful
the next one and another penance is over
I would have kicked you out but help me out
because let's say I highly doubt that
This man has put anything illegal
insult or anything in a video what I did
was to take the comments then I
I did many thanks and put the twitter
This is what I say, look, you denounce your own
comments that you have posted
then I realized that the policy of
YouTube but good politics
about what happened with good with me already
I tell you, use it with me, it won't have any
problem for me all forgotten and it is that
Besides, he hasn't done anything very serious either.
me that can affect me at all by it
style knows how to thank him for the fact of war
buried in a [ __ ] mess there are problems
Regarding the subject of the holy vine
When he left, the truth was revealed to us all.
that night that thing happened that didn't happen to me
I agree well because it started I think it was
a difference of opinion between them
two
Well, I understand that yes, let's see.
working I create a super chat of the
work and everything there is a little bit in a
I made time to have a coffee and
at that time cushions that I am going to make
makes her a super check that I'm
worrying about [ __ ] friendships already [ __ ] it
went to do [ __ ] but at first
I was kind of worried and I hit him
the eye as I could but my job is
impossible to attend to that, I am in the room
Mostoles operation 0 and I am
understanding calls the team watching
background the other I don't know what is that
It is impossible to see any license plates and no
You can and there are police controls as well
Now with the cob and well imagine
attend an impossible video
I don't know, I don't know if he will continue watching it from now on.
the same perspective uncle but me
I was objectively reviewing in a
direct all the super chats and I didn't see
that there were insults in those supermarkets
Guys, okay, what happens is that I'm coming back.
As usual, I'm not going to back down on that.
of the donkey because there are also things that
They are insulting, that is to say, I understand that
It is not an insult as such but they are
offensive, I explain myself as shameless
and you fight with a colleague because with his
hanger the worst thing I saw I don't know what you
you mean offensive but the worst thing is that
I could see that it had been
forgotten by blatter did not leave what
he had given up debating with Jabil
hybrid
It will be one then there was another reality three
things
insulting it is true that they were not
insult insult very fat or not
I remember I don't know if there was any
some also that stands out there
I remember well
the lack of respect to fight
On the other hand, I think that what happens
why am I going to be twisted here
I wonder if he interviews Santiago
abascal and brings you a super chat with a
offensive thing would be put on screen already
in a balloon in general scope no longer
only that it is about visas but not me
I would put it on the screen myself
because Santiago Scala you are a league nor
feminist just something not just out of respect
If we get involved with that Sandro, that is, me
I am absolutely sure that Andreu and
Jandro Joan despite all the times
who calls an alienated drug addict and everyone
Those who smoke would certainly not have
balls of drug addict calls abascal
who smoke their cigar no
I understand that I don't have to tell you one
stuff
and in fact one of this was a gift that
He made me a companion like I have now
eight months of employment and salary my
his operating room colleague left him alone
and look, he gave me a pacharán every time
we know that when it gets to
call people drug-smart
in a more effective way it is worth it but it
What do I tell you, God, did you think that was?
reasons for attacking Davis like that, uncle
Let's see, at that moment you are in full swing
I put a bubble in there
I am now as you see it, now I
request forgiven and they are all was the
First I called on the phone and he told me
David Santos's response, let him say it.
I should publicly keep quiet, no
say it but damn it I'm going to say it
that one who I know is a very cautious guy
but I think the audience knows how to laugh
with this and if he listens to it too
He's going to laugh and Jandro told me, "No, it's not for me."
no problem don't worry the only thing
I want to tell you that I am with the
bleeding wound still then you
You stop scarring, we'll be back. I have
Normal, I say in my penance too, uncle
don't worry don't worry then
Well, I send you a big hug
saints and I regret all the damage that has occurred
In the middle I think he didn't deserve it
And now speaking seriously, as you see now
Well I don't know, I don't know how either.
has said at no time the subject of
Carlos Salgado, the thing about Sacred Carlos, yes
I have to tell you clearly that
We were coming after the Leica thing.
Yigal, did you find out what's going on with him?
that I denounced as a cannibal
This is how I have been told another version
differently the truth
Our free friend is 2.0 and calls me.
He says I have a friend who is screwed
like you with such a file and the
doctor and well, at that time I
supreme empathy how this happened to me
He's already seeing how I am, so what?
It happened that we have to support him because Jandro
He's that stupid, he's not even going to ask a question.
pass and support him to death or Jessica
get to the one you need 80 bucks take
a video and explain it and the whole host
I passed it on to my friends I passed it on to and
It is of no use to be alienated, also reviewed in
your things we all stayed in touch
Because it was dangerous he got into everything
our networks and I worried about the
host because that was where it was
financing does not pass it on to all of you
even to the filling I said raisins or the
oliveira family spend some time god that is
The more I love them the better and I'm glad that
It has reached you because it confirms to me that
This one is coming so cool
Yes, but I have been told another way.
Our people are not like any YouTube
so or people of
the audience I think they have told another
way uncle they have told another version
that it is not the thing as you tell it
was imposing
And with this they have already told me that this
Man, I don't know if he could do it.
shared but not for nothing but because
That was a problem for me
basically this man is not what
It is being said and that the retaliation has
been for another reason
Okay, well, I'm going to tell you and today
I'm telling you this clearly because I reported him.
Okay
Let's see, it pissed me off that
suddenly lost a little contact with
I am free, I ask you, free is like
Now it's your thing, we'll do it one more time.
video my channel to help this kid
I'm saying that it's very strange because now
He told me that he started to change and
to beat around the bush and change the subject
and then it is a thing that is not very
normal and if you have a [ __ ] problem
He always has it from minute one until
One hundred minutes and you're not changing the theme.
and now the doctor and now you are
electrician and now then already
we began to suspect that
maybe then I'll take it bareback and
I go on Instagram and cajigal and I
Eduardo's names and surnames appear
cajigal I don't know how much I said damn pelayos
I think I was saying [ __ ] this
Let's look around the internet a little bit.
Google also appealed Eduardo Nada and
They start to come out that have I don't know how many
companies and that among them also comes out
a company also linked to its creation
the Gürtel and I say this, this is very normal
This is very normal, I think they have
scammed this mind tried to locate him
and I had already left my social networks
I found that I had put it in 80 payments.
He ran away and I realized it later and now
We see that then I said hey guys to
How many of you have asked for money started to
there are a lot of victims
economic and then when I already
I decided to file the complaint first
complaint and then I made a video with the
publication of the complaints and all
host and warn everyone and effectively
At the end I tell you that it is about
a complicated guy I can't say but
logically when there is a complaint and
then a background check
penalties if you can imagine I can't
talk about this but you can imagine
but more so the subject
how we came from that
How we came about from that, Carlos Salgado
It also comes with a Fandi cross, the thing about it
girl and so and so then of course I said
be careful to see if we are going to have the part
2 of lime arrives at the museum of the host no
you jump into the pool so wildly
let's see but what was before what was before
The kid is what you're telling them
Carlos's talk a lot if it was
before the video of Joan Planas and
all that we had and such is to say is
you too are already promoting
Carlos, but to me, for example
Carlos still hasn't spoken to me then.
as he had not spoken to me either and I said
I also have a mental masturbation, I don't say let's see
if you don't contact me because I am
police
Chavez and these are the doubts that cause me
I say maybe it's because he knows I can
have access to something
report whatever it is, I don't tell you my
mental straw I say maybe he can't find me
That's why things are moving forward and
I say well I'm going to look at this one too and
looking to see your complaints is because
This man really has it all public.
I already realized that there is a try there.
He uploads it to I don't know what the complaint is, look now
the complaints and indeed there is one
Interpol search warrant there is a
order of talc then this is from
truth when she is real then
I said it but logically it had to be
first take care of it because it gave me a little
something like I'm going to leave them or I see it
normal now I do think it's one like
from bad to bad, you need help.
help him, that is to say, I think that if he is
looking for his daughter and all the times
We will have to help him and that's it, I am fine.
What happens is that the years that
I've been here for a while to say that they have
taken advantage of me on many occasions
and they have taken money from me and then it has been
lies there are things like that but I always
It is always always about everything with the
responsibility that I am going to
promote it to get in
ask my audience to help him
I always check everything a lot
then I asked this man to
all sentences and everything is true or so
I literally already showed it in the video
what I did and it's all true it comes out
I asked for a sentence, the Interpol order, everything
Everything about Carlos is real.
And if you comment on that, I, for example,
I saw it just a little while ago then and
You comment on that already, then logically
man, if you can put a grain of sand in it
of sand to help this man
normal
I look
There is a problem here, do not follow flat in
she has interviewed that man
that was done a year ago or has not been done
good job or he is not a good person
because I
When I went to be interviewed,
The first thing I did was check that everything
It was real that this man was trustworthy and so on
no then one of two joan plana has not
done his job well and has not been
informed that if this man's case is
true lie or it is very bad because
then go ahead and try
boycott crowdfunding by saying that
then they're going to [ __ ] him up just to see
Let's see, that's already their thing.
He will decide, [ __ ] me, I think that is it
I don't want to bring Twitter either because I don't
I have in front of me neither as to
analyze it in detail and such but it is
It is true that then each one has the
personal will to want to support or not
support a cause for which it is worth
But if he decides not to support it is his decision.
his
Let's see if I see someone here, I'm going to
help
and that person turns against me
can touch your balls and not help you
but what I wouldn't do would be all the
what he has done afterwards is try to get
no one else helps him try to sink it
Well, I don't know if you've been to that level, but I have.
I can tell you that it is true that I do not
I am very much in agreement to see you or also
There are strange things not because it is pending
cross funding of 15 thousand turkeys so that
go with what the girl's name is
Argentina crowdfunding no one 15 thousand
I pay you three thousand out of three thousand, good.
the money to have I am very informed
I have to tell you about Carlos Salgado
say that clearly then excuse me if
I put my foot in it with this topic but oh well yes
He's saying, hey, I want this money.
for a camera and I don't know what it is a little bit
shocking man that's a little of what I know
[ __ ] man that I, I mean yes I have a
son elsewhere
I found that I have 600 payments with a flight and
I lose myself every day looking for him however I can
lack
Well, my point of view, not what I know.
The best thing is that there are also strange things that
have Carlos or that you are not clear or
that has an expert difficulty already or
that it is not so clear that the
positioning of the girl wherever she is
think that there is whatever then that is it
that we no longer know if we are not lost
a little bit but well I focus on it
that there is help to correctly attack that
help is logically incorrect and that's it and
I don't leave because it's not much either
more to tell you
sorry we are thinking but what
less I have to think about why that's what
I tell you it's weird, weird there's nothing
man has gone to all means to
tell your story
and just wants just wants
regain contact with his daughter and uncle
site
We are parents and we can empathize.
with it positioning in its situation is worth it
that everyone has the right to
to trust or not to trust completely
okay look here's carlos
I'm listening to you, Sabas and Jandro
Thank you very much for talking about my case
hug
I have already looked at your case and well seeing that
You have Interpol active and all the
Milk, I'm telling you this because of the police issue.
Well, man, yes, yes, he also wants to.
stop by my channel and we'll talk about your
case I have invited you too, yes
I also put my grain of sand, don't you
worry about things that for
of course everyone has the right to
support to believe it does not believe in the I have
said that I checked everything because I
I don't bring anyone to my channel without
check everything to try to sink it
I see it too much because the end cape is a
father wants his daughter back
and he has said strong things and Isaac has
said things like for example it goes for me
Very well, I see that life is not worth it to you.
We already know what his intention is
saying that tweet
and accuse him of wanting to bring his daughter in
in a trunk to kidnap her from what
better the mother, I mean, I don't know if you saw the
tweet that said maybe the mother doesn't
I was so wrong
Let's see, I'm not as knowledgeable as you are about the
social networks it is true that
detected and that's where all my things have come from
arguments that there are little things that are good
Well, I think they escape and that's it.
That has been my discomfort too, that is
the roll for which in the end
I have decided to pause a bit my
participation in everything for real
logically I also like these things
They bother me and in view of what it is
national police force the image
also damages not to say then in that
aspect because of that also
brake
I now really consider myself
I know you're going to hit me and you're going to
to stick to this portal waves and such and you're going to
keep saying that I'm in the phase of
I'm not a screenwriter yet, but I think I am.
I consider the same that has that has
solution that can be taken up again
The whole damn world has a pothole and
I no longer know what it might be.
That anxiety may have come
a bad problem what the [ __ ] I
I have also had moments that
I have slept because a problem has come to me
so I've screwed here and there and that's it
with and that's it but I think it can be done
resume and I think it can be done
curb
and don't give me the meme that these people make
with what he said on the phone, it is yes
I'm being honest with you, until tonight is my idea
was
if the sincerity has been leaked, thing
Okay, I think Joan has things to do.
peace to be against you is worth it and I believe
that you have been a little bit with too
fear of the businesswoman I think that you in
reality has already had Alain Sal not only
in sight that time but had a certain
fear of calling it something
that it could be okay for you then
I honestly tell you, I really had
I was thinking until yesterday of bringing you
here to deceive you as if it were good and
[ __ ] you know but it's that I'm worth it
that after having spoken to you
and it's that I don't dislike them, goddess, no
I consider you to be a bad person.
I really mean I had thought
to bring you deceived and then here that
things would be different but it is that
Even though I'm no good, it's worth it because
He has a family just like me and he doesn't
I consider him to be a bad person, uncle.
I think that in some aspects it has
been unintelligent uncle when it came to
act
bad bad I don't consider you to be yes
It would have been another person if I tell you
To you who are very with all kinds but I don't think so
that they are bad god I think you are
mistaken
Well, first of all, it honors you to tell me that.
because because it is no longer just the image
good that you can give yourself and all the host
which is expensive but I have to
I want to thank the second thing I do want
tell you man not good either I have a
scared scared [ __ ] man I am
Facing off against Alfredo Perdiguero
that sub-inspector we have complaints
that I have received two demands four
complaints to the data protection law
that as it is, I have a lot of
pending judicial issues and such
I really know how scary it is that I am
can give me anchored understands what
that is growing then I don't believe
that we'll see, we'll see how it turns out
From now on I understand and hope that
nothing happens, let everything stay there and that's it
It is and I collected it for myself, I hope, I hope
but but but
among us
This afternoon they leaked the cases and I didn't
I'm going to go without anything with me, I'm not going to have anything
no kind of problem but it is that
you're going to have with him and yes for sure
let's see it is a person who goes for
all
I have seen him attack people for the simple
fact of putting a tweet about HIV being
to be blinded by a person for the simple reason
fact of putting a tweet about HIV look
I am a person who does look for
a lot and I recognize it and I have my share of
humanity and that's it
Forgive me for interrupting you with that bad
person worth if it hadn't been another one for me
uncle literally something like that but it is
I don't think you've done anything wrong
honestly it's not what it is what you
I say that is wrong many things
you have done things wrong and you know it
but I understand you because people
You know, you're wrong, but I don't see you with the
evil that others may have you know
sincerely but my attitude towards you
would have been different from the first
moment I thank you personally
I tell you from the heart that you have time
had a conciliatory attitude because
that's what I came here for, I came here
just to show your face and tell you it's done
the war underground is over
Let's go and that's it, let's take it there
everything is fine, damn it, after all
we have positive things to do outside
outside not to leave building until barrel
I want to add for the first super
chat that I want to comment that I have
put here what he has apologized for
at least and I don't care man they are
penances that I have to carry out that
pay and that's it, my penance has been added and
my mistakes that's why I also come to
apologize and ask for forgiveness now I don't
I know if I disrespect you on some occasion
actually something serious
I don't care either, it's okay, I'm not
of rectors that to me is that effective I
you say something now ten minutes if it's a
insult has been forgotten, look at the
resentment that I have for what it means
It's that I really consider myself important
whatever you said what you said what you did
It is true that if they now have to
come
consequences, hey man, I'm going too far
Well, I think it's correct and it leaves me the
calm karma that leaves me with a heart
open and gasset yo yo that's what I try
Javier, I don't know the rest, like it is
You see, I don't know how they would get flat ones either.
I hope I insist and now I have it
more and has put a couple of you and doing
a kind of veiled threat against you
that he goes to the police station, I don't know what he will do in
how much is putting things of you
and I don't think this is because you have
made the live with me, I think that
honestly if you haven't been putting it
Yes, he has given me a couple of punches.
retweeted a couple of purita in these two
days but if you haven't put something so so
as direct as it may have been with me
case or with the case of the saint I saw
I think because you will already feel that as
explain this or rather why it's worth it javi
Oliveira is bad, okay, HIV is bad, okay.
alienated, bad and drug addict also not of
path no
as now justifies that Jandro also
it's bad
and that is why I believe that no
I did when the thing with the guys from happened
david santos uncle i felt that things were
could reconcile I felt that my work
was to be able to reach a good end for all
of the entire YouTube community and I speak
I seriously consider that it is the same end
that Galician has who is the collaborator
that you currently have and I consider it to be
the same end that the purge will have
will have the grab bag and will have
everyone who comes to collaborate because not
There are more of us, [ __ ], okay, we have no bad
end now yes after that there are others
things that come out that can be seen now
later on, well, God will say no
we have at least I don't have any
people or I don't have any profile and
I'm not here to join an Andy pipe
that I take out all to get
subscribers because my payroll is in
the police although right now they are
paralyzed by my valuable files
I don't come to earn a living with
youtube I come to justify the topic of
the salary equalization that is a
social injustice that exists with 140 thousand
families of police officers and civil guards
and it is the same vision and it causes me yes
Now that's going to get messed up, maybe there is
many let me tell you one thing because I
has also come to my networks many
They are now cataloging what I owe him
supreme loyalty help flat for a
video he made talking about the
police statistics because it has had
five hundred thousand visits
just going to ask my reason me
removes them from the tip of the tongue that
If you felt indebted to him, then fine.
look or there are people who have interpreted
which could have been out of fear of Johann
flat no, meaning you wouldn't like him
designate by fear there is a plan and there is
people also who have interpreted that
because you simply felt indebted
with the man knowing how to have been grateful
I have to be I have to be by
having entered everything is true that
logically there is super chat that
logically benefits my family that
logically supports my level
economic that now the null that is that
Immigrants are entering through
Canary Islands take a pension but it is
I don't even have that and I'm a [ __ ] police officer.
quoting in Spain' time then
logically you feel screwed there and
I appreciate the community's help
help that has been given to me
then thanked this devastated me in
flat in that aspect because it has
involved in the project everything is true
where I have been able to finance myself and that is
and also to two saints because also
He accepted that I came in like that and also
alienated because he gave me permission
I wrote and nothing saying that you
It matters that in sad it replaces you or you
It seems bad, no, no, Jandro, go ahead, there isn't one.
no problem because there are many exits
thanks to you too, of course, I
I enter and there I am grateful to everyone
world that has let me participate in that
project from then on they have already been
twisted things but I want to say
I insist and return again to the same point
and after these thanks
logically I do not tell him that loyalty
because because you say I don't
example [ __ ] people have made a video
which has five hundred thousand views and speaks
From the police statistics I say good
Okay
that video that talks about statistics
police has had an economic impact
for monetization on your channel and me
He brought me a file
disciplinary is that people see that I have
talked about a problem of mine on his channel
no no no no no no we have not given
audience to a collective problem and
that benefits society and I have
I sacrificed myself in this channel where I have
passed on a month of employment the salary to
Sometimes people start to see it that way
because it is reality then I
It hurts when they tell me to see him from the
high for everything you're doing no no
[ __ ] that's what it was like
mutual that I have also expressed that in
your channel where Elsa benefited
economically and that's it then no
I owe loyalty, I also do favors for him
I understand that everything is true when I
I disguised myself by making the amount here or with it
He who says I made me from Michael
Jackson and so on I understand that
It is also liked by the audience and all
host and such an attempt to contribute that part
funny too, everything is true and that's it
it is and that's it and that's it and there's no more and
I think that you should not leave there
But now I insist, I repeat, and I'm not leaving.
It's tiring to say it in this video
has made of buried war that does not
We're not going anywhere hitting each other, man.
improve is a shame because the program
the program was very good, a very good idea
on television missing on television is a
Great project, dude, you have good ideas.
ideas are flat the program is of
[ __ ], well I can recover.
I understand that it can be a pothole all of you
You don't look so-so, hey, I'm asking for your permission.
because we haven't talked about it outside of
direct but you care that I come in seriously
to talk to you name no also him
I have to be thankful for the grandson, look
I just say the face
It's good evening, how are you?
I am celebrating my birthday with
you who is half an hour ago
Since I'm hooked, I say no, damn it.
Because in Deraa it is ready I will start
to see him happy birthday and
thanks nothing to have things that I have
seen during the live stream that I loved you
comment
respond to what may be in front of me
It gives a little feeling when you
I listen and when you talk about the conflict
with Joan Plana and yes with the rest and such and
for example, to talk about me you do as I do
a little bit the feeling as if I
I also went through that conflict as if I
was an active part in trying to
is adding fuel to the fire
constantly to the best action that you
you have and we are not good my question is
If I don't know what started the fight
It came up and you caught me, okay, I don't know if he
I criticize you first or were you the one to
he or whatever
The point is that we focus on a
conflict if there is if there is a conflict and
He makes a video for you and then you make it
another one because I understand that there is already one
The answer is already there, I focus on that and
which lasts for a year either by
Twitter either by videos or by
whatever and before continuing I want
thank you for something I really liked
uncle and I take this opportunity to say all the
You were the first to bring up the case.
from the grandson inspector of occupational risks
from Barajas airport has been the
Mayor of Sharks and I like an egg
that detail because you were the first
youtuber who did it man and that was a
crowd in the national police is that
You know it, good guy, and apart from this
We return to the topic, well, I'm glad to
that I had come, I didn't know that that
video had been circulating for nothing but
Well indeed for good I am glad in
Any case I help but I'm not saying that
It gives me a bit of a feeling and I
What pisses me off is that when we talk
from the conflict with Joan Planas it seems
as if it were really a conflict and
If it weren't for me, it seems to me that I always
I have said that I undertake the conflict
He has, that is to say, I don't have Johann Planas.
talk
I wouldn't have made any video if in the
moment in which we have some kind of
that which opened with me or such I don't know
that's it for the thing but the lab what
What happens with Johann Planas is that you
starts dedicating his twitter to you
to dedicate his integrity and carl
practically all of your social networks and
start making videos and that's it
when things started to affect me that
now I understand, I understand, I understand that that
it is the case
and there I have to agree with you because
Two people don't fight if one doesn't want to and
because I have had conflicts too
with a lawyer against demagoguery
which I dedicated a video to him too
doctor another video and the story is over
when I dedicate the one from Poland to you
in fact
does it with a debate with warning if
but really I don't like that video anymore
that has appeared in this live
is that by saying that you have hidden that
video seems to imply that
implicitly you made that video no
because it was against what I
I was saying at that moment that
I imagine he would also be against it
what is that moment saying but for
some way to pay attention to what
help flat to be part of that group
I don't understand very well why if you raise
why have you deleted that video because
That video is not part of any
conflict or anything means creating a video
about the ideas that I had transmitted
about boxing and that there are many people who have
said that he is against and that he defended
for example what the Polish woman said to me
It seems like nonsense but beyond that
The Polish girl is cool and I woke up before
continue, I'm going to put this on the screen for you
You have to put this, I'm going to give it to you
hiv this is going to go to you and then I'll go
to give away a boxing pen
but you'll see
let's see it's also clear if you
you are doing a collaboration and you have
the feeling that the person with whom
that you are collaborating with the one who tries
get along and want to get along and
you want the project to go forward
is receiving sticks please
Sergio, I want you to get in the
position in which it was worth bubble
such and not seeing victims but seeing
a victim, well, logically, uncle you
you have empathy with that person and
have empathy you try to make a video
to support in that case keep in mind
that I flat also got into it in
the screwed Alfredo Perdiguero
María Montero, he also helps me with that.
look then [ __ ] and there it is
in a tweet calling Alfredo Perdiguero and
saying that well it doesn't matter
well but but he got in he got in and
defended me in my case and caused me with it
theme by Mario Montero and Alfredo
Perdiguero 17 is a little in debt and all
the host you say well come on then let's go
try to see here also above all
because he feels that guy that if you are
right there next door and all the [ __ ] with which
Don't let the rest of you come and warm up your situation.
head like a beast but at that moment
I'm talking to you, I'm explaining myself, but not now.
I take it like that now I take it like a
rescue now I take it as that
People have tried to come to me and say uncle
that you are only seeing one part
Okay, from my point of view, you
when you made that video I really didn't
I took it as if you were hyper
aligned with flat in that sense nor
nothing and nothing to do with this and
I actually answered you, I gave you four
comments on this video regarding
the arguments you had said
trying to refute what you didn't answer me
The thing is not that I don't want to
To answer you, the problem is that
I have a forest that was declared a disaster
I don't even have time to dig
for my children
I'm also a disaster with those
things and I miss a lot of comments
People send me emails that are
important but he answered them not because
I really don't want to answer it but
because I'm a disaster in that sense
I emphasized the meaning with you, but damn, I mean
I here for example publicly you
attacks or
in a video I don't think I've mentioned
no video and the most I can have
It's done with that Twitter account.
that I no longer use but that has 100
followers a supportive comment when
the thing about when the girlfriend who made you the
thread and I put it like it had been a
zasca or something like that because I was there
hot with twitter and I saw it on the
game that I have said here all the time
The trajectory he has had with YouTube is
To say that to me many times it gives me a little bit of the
feeling that is generated like this
story that there is a conflict between two
groups and one is the one of all is true and
I don't know that I still get moreover it puts me
as the leader of another group than me
That really pisses me off because I'm not
boss of anyone nor do we have any kind of
pact between any group of youtubers and
It's like [ __ ] it pisses me off that he thinks he is
I tell the story that there is a conflict
between YouTube lobbies the roll of no
There are YouTube lobbies, there are people and
I've done it before, I put it in the supermarket
this chat that rolled over let's see what
of the chupipandi that has been said
Now as I have begun to
Using that term is seen as a gang of people.
and all those who are now supposed to be
The chupipandi were Johann's colleagues
plan and got along well with him and with him
the passage of time they use to follow
fighting with one another with another with
another with another for the other
That's why there is a problem that you
I have to agree and I'm going to tell you
more so when you did the collaboration
with my friend because he is my friend that
great and he's a [ __ ] 10' and he spoke to me
very well of you and I today
I call him like a [ __ ] and of course, well
Well, he's a brave guy, damn it, damn it.
So the man arrives and nothing
Well, we did the collaboration there, that is.
sorry he asked me to do the thing about the
surprise question that tells you about the
monitor matching for good strings
Well, then I'll do the same thing to you.
preparation you answer and that's it
Well, as a result of that video, the king of that
video as well as everything related
with what bothers you or what bothers you
I'm not talking to the group anymore, let me explain.
don't bring it and that's it then that's it
the whole subject and well, I don't anymore
I bring everything is true to a person already
you bring it to everything it's true another person
Now the other one, that truth, why did you come yesterday?
why and in the end you realize from
then it is a mistake because what you are
doing is censoring
uncensored look there is one thing that is not
I don't like it either if there are two people
or three in your group who are all
the insulting moment and I tell them that
It's badly done and the whole host yes and
you then have another person who is
censoring the beast in the end what
you generate with that is a group in which
We only talk about what one wants
person is not explaining to me if it is worth it
Well, that's what is toxic, let me explain.
that's what is toxic the end there is no
nothing more than a pure ideology that
It happens when I have a plan that jumps and
Join my telegram group then
There is beginning to be diversity of themes
because there I have my people who don't
censorship for some ideas or whatever
I explain what yes means and there it is
where the crash comes from and that's where it is
the crash came and that's when it happened
opened his eyes and said
to this limit
It touches me so much that he has opened the
eyes like that because you have been there for so few days
I was already thanking in an ag way
basically I would have taught you new things
virtues and values ​​that you didn't know you had
now so I don't know what my mother that since
who knows him is that each person
at first that the lukewarm should not be
not even one pass them by
damn it was a very good speech that came up
things change from one day to the next
also because there are certain things that
that you don't see and suddenly you see them and that's it
It is but literally from one day to the next
another because me and those who the day before you
you got into accounting that I got involved with
davis before the day before and they gave me a
click saying something like that
they made us pull the [ __ ] of the
super cha but the day before and your
comments
to warn him calling him is not okay
I have not criticized the saint again
others is another I guarantee look at my only
mistake with David Santos and I recognize it and
That's why I apologize and it was
for the direct arrival and I feel very
bad that direct is that
the next and of course I was when I
I saw it that way as you direct
prepared to tell my deeds
saints because it is also that Davis before
Then he showed me that he didn't want this.
He followed his [ __ ] path and came to see me
Look, I'll tell you one thing, warning you could
having come here a live ago
with me and such and he hasn't come because he doesn't
He feels like it because his house is with him
life honors him and went where if there were
If I had loved the CEO more, I would have had the
opportunity is more to the gentleman who can
come here whenever you want
to the quality of the people where it is
you see the human quality
Yes, man, I give to all those who give me
has congratulated that I have seen that you have
put your thoughts thank you very much and
Thanks to you and Javi
Thanks to Sergio, thanks to everyone for
congratulate Sergio also not having and
There is one thing I had said to the
beginning about let me tell you those
moments because I insist you if the war
If it were over you would also be able to
stop resolutely mind everything with
complete normality
After two hours they almost carried it to
no no no no no don't get me wrong and
is that what I want her to say
audience [ __ ] about everything but look
that you are still after almost two
hours that we have been here still
I'm trying to convince myself that
This is going to be Little House on the Prairie and that's it.
I tell you
at least for you
in my head that I don't pay my quota
criticism and such is melamine
guaranteed by yours not yet
had probably felt android
quotes but regardless of that
we were talking about the age for
explain the plans you told me about
I have all the videos I made of
I have planar hidden in my channel
you can't see my videos they are flat
since when since summer probably
You said it right, it's time to see it at the moment.
summer that I made a video and said a
look uncle and regardless of that
talk more than come to Javi's channel or
What if I'm not going to have any more videos?
afternoon station flats and other videos but
You understand that I don't know those videos.
Now I'm going to criticize Joan Planas today.
I have this war with Joan Plana no
He came out of the flat extension video
which is like it was like the one that already
I got tired and such power can last a year and
Peak without speaking, holding Johann
flat and making videos non-stop
messages on twitter damn it here
then they really didn't stop talking about
put in when you weren't in it
moment but I'm getting worse to do
for hate and all this stuff and the video
I plan to do this when he does
has a debate with Valentina Ortiz and the
accuses Valentina Ortiz of being part of it
of the harassment and bullying against Joan
plans something very crazy because I am
saying but what harassment and what bullying
if you really don't stop
mention me attack me and such I don't know what
It was me and the message to which I already told you
that it was harassment and bullying was
Valentina Ortiz giving me encouragement because she
They had leaked screenshots of me
telegrams that weren't even in it
bullying Jon Planas
because then I end up filtering everything
the audios saying look this is what
I said such and such and such and
that here
They may not be friendly with Jon.
flat but may God come down and see these
audios are on the internet were not for
no harassment or sending people in
insulting him or anything like that
I was just saying no
I understood because it was the moment that I
I had had my clash with Johann Planas
the first one and what happened to me was that I didn't
I understood how overnight
for a comment I had made
with Rodinger's cat that doesn't even
was attacking him nor insulting him and given
suddenly Johann Planas had me
turned into his target then with him
time passed and when I saw that I was
reproducing the same behavior
with other youtubers exactly the same already
I said ok so this is what I have
flat has this problem with all the
world simply caught me
first in this stage that has had in
YouTube was talking about this type of
things and so on then of course to me when
suddenly I am trying to figure out how to do it
participant in an eternal conflict and that
Neither party is made by
I calmed him down with Johann Planas from
Let's go from the first video from the
first tweet that Sunday that started the
busy on Saturday is Sunday I am here
writing a tweet saying
we each have our differences
For your part, I no longer want to know anything.
more and it is
to what extent a person can
to endure when you are being insisted upon
insisting and attacking and also doing
a video on youtube and suddenly you
You go to your channel and see that you have 200
messages from people telling you you are a
traitor is that such is that I do not know how many
is that you
That's when you say one of the hosts
I answer you in the context and there it is
begins to generate a conflict but that
I have always said and almost all the
people Joan Plana has attacked
I think you will agree that if
Joan Planas stops all these people
I would stop answering him
how is it going if he is not there
telling nothing to anyone no one talks about
he
You told me, Andro, there is no need for 21 videos.
and what is inside each one of each one
Of those 21 videos, I don't know if there are 21, I think.
which are somewhat less but as if they were
20 videos 20 videos that are in each video
in each video savioli brida
responding to the whole day by dedicating it
tweet or the controversy he has had with
davis santo or the controversy he has had
with serious if there are are lived for something
What happens is that there is a point that was
what I criticized was perhaps
the point of the crime, that is to say, of the
insult
If you have 21 videos where you make a
crime of insult with an insult although
you say it's from
Rector Kenting means answering
to something else that has done to you is where
cannot be answered with another crime
which was what I always tried to do
say but that's it, it's nonsense
I say it, the only thing I want to say is
that it is indeed and that it remains
people with this because I came to this
nothing more to say than that it can be stopped
This stops if you want it to be fixed
you who are the ones who have had
the most open war with Jon Planas that
if he stops this and I want him to
see the whole audience and that's it
that I came to this and sacrifice myself here
It's necessary, nothing happens with me
Let's see why that's the way he has it
to explain all these attacks and all
These videos and all these comments
From Twitter and others, who says they are not
personal ones that many times do
They are but he says no, they are like
criticism of ideas and disguises everything
How would I have criticized Ute VH of the
the same way he criticized Pablo and Sergio
Let's see about body odor
a libertarian who emerges is no longer a
political criticism
and the most important thing about the battle
with you it is very important to give an opinion
It is also very important to give an opinion about
one thing to see her and there where I really
he exposed without without without failure is worth without
no kind of failure or anything without tying the
Joan Plana's modus operandi is like him
He hit himself in the mouth with his own
word and everything that happened to him with it
people
we saw a certain part together and there was there
certain tweets that were also a
little like decontextualized and as is
I don't want to go there either.
because I don't know I can't get into it
For example, I could defend myself in the
super chat that I told you about before and such
the decontextualization and what I put you
my video then but I was already there
because I have knowledge of that but their
tweets I can't enter that war
I'll explain myself to you two about him.
always then you don't know anything about
I don't know what to do and I attacked him
telling things about his personal life
who he slept with or didn't sleep with
see that I have no [ __ ] idea
It is the main thing of his fight when he had
96 but he has not given me an opinion on it
problem contemplates nothing the face for him
because he is your friend okay but now I
you're saying that you don't even know
the attacks that he has made and why
what the [ __ ] is going on but the video that I
I have made towards your criticism what I said
Rome and the whole host and we have also
started with the joke too that
I think it's spent on the tibia and it's of which
It has been the only thing that I have also
I made a video, I don't get involved in it and such.
because they want the knowledge of the
Sergio's life is yours
but on many occasions we have seen you
supporting him as if believing that there is a lobby
against her flatly and in fact
more question here there is a lobby I don't know what
is what your audience believes that
has and his group and that's what I came for
me here
The first question I asked you is yes
There is the suck Andy and yes there is a
group of conspiracy against him and all the
host effectively and warn neighbor
so that they see it no because I'll see
Guys, I think I'm getting the picture.
bad me clear well here I see that there is no yes
you have sporadic contacts, [ __ ] and I
I see it but he doesn't and his audience doesn't
They don't always think there is a cure either.
or a constant plot and look at me
ask also hey did you get
agreement with travis for both rum and
knock him down if everything is true that I don't
I was you realize that is the only thing
that I want you to see that sometimes
things are twisted and were not necessary
twist them because it wasn't true and that's it
it is but this direct in which you
you are talking about it was because Joan Planas
He said a phrase on the live stream, he said, "Oh, I do."
I debate with anyone but live
but without moderators but there is the hair and
Javi Oliveira was watching that and
He said, hey, this moderator and such
Telling you that I'm getting involved is so that you can tell me that
I want to debate with him now
as you just said, very flat and
So that's when he said, write down, I don't know.
that suddenly
javi oliveira no that is to the seo and a
game of iran or that is to seo that
roll of well okay okay me me me
I also think it's a very sincere thing
I already signed at the time he said
to call me has called me to accept that
I am sorry ministry all but
Laugh at me not because I had
Here is a comment of yours that you posted
during the debate in Rome, Gallardo and
great flat and says literally in the
Game over the heart and Oliveira helps
flat are only slander and
lies
confirmed before you saw a piece and it
I repeat again
how many minutes does 40 50 have
minutes or so
because you go to Mayor Joan Plana and you
says that they are not only
slander and lies with the circulatory system
Well, because I'm with him in the group d
telegram and then logically he gives me
your opinion also the opinion of four
or five people who are inside that
group that has seen it and I
I trust them because I'm involved
inside safe
understands what he means because he looks
all this and I repeat the problem of where
has come because of misinformation and
lack of information
basically you just supported him
because he was your friend being but in
You never stopped to contrast
the information that I gave you, good to see
when you come to contrast is when
what happens happens and why why
because it is a mistake of mine and I admit it
[ __ ] and in my penance in my
penance whatever has to come
Now and I apologize, I took advantage of the
word to ask Sergio I can't
understand as a sense of loyalty
that I imagine you have like
policeman and that as a policeman probably
that develops quite a bit if this is done
you have also said in some fact here
temple of isis and i am with my
partner and comes to someone and such I don't know
that I am going to death against that person
regardless of what you've done
My partner is to say that we will see.
then but but that I that comes out a lot the
police if for example I give you cases
fools let's have intervention my
partner and I so suddenly
twists
intervention for the reason that my
partner better be upset or myself
It upset and complicated me that intervention is
At that moment my partner is going to me
support to death once a has been completed
once this is finished and completed
intervention of my host partner
the ear to thank is a support because it is
equal
First of all, thank you very much, reply
you now knowing this person with
the relationship during these last months
How do you think he is going to justify that you
now I suddenly changed my mind
I don't believe in changing my mind.
I believe that they have been committed
mistakes on your part and mine
also also for the sample because
damn you have insulted okay I speak of
spoke of insults
I speak of insults yes and in that part there is
a conflict and I think that's enough
because I've been going to bed for many nights
4 in the morning with my children with my
problems at home such and such and I don't
I want to keep cutting games while being
arguing with some giving explanations
to others no one
He asked me the question is web and I you
The Elbe has to give an explanation of
Why aren't you supporting them now?
They gave him the key but he was going to
have the rag more because my level now
Philip himself is the reconciler on the day of
tomorrow, tomorrow, if there is, if there is
changes in attitudes both to be one and
in other guys and that's what I intend that
that everyone gets along and that's it
out of the hatchet
If your attitude, if your intention, we have
understood already but the question is not the
ask
It doesn't have to be that way either
509 for you right now and has put
Good Javi, when could I have put
his life
Philip and Filipe come by here in
balls from time to time
to investigate his business dealings
Can I have Jandro? That's not the question.
the question is whether he is going to have to
he will have to justify it
because you, in exchange for your opinion, believe
that he is really going to continue because Andros
has realized in fact because because I
He has screwed up judging that he thinks he is going to
say he I believe and I think that is right
would be to say nothing
Well, what you're saying isn't clear to me.
say you're not going to what he's doing
saying on twitter right now that you
you have changed your mind from one day to the next
for the pasta
No, I'm not going to go to my intention they offered
time because I need it because I
I'm moving because I don't have time
to my admired video or I'm going to put another one
one more example for people to know
I was investigated on the 30th
November and I haven't talked about my
files when precisely the support
I'll look for it there until the 8th or
December 9th it took me 10 days to
talk about a [ __ ] case that affects me
and [ __ ] I don't have time for that and I
You are asking us to do two
programs everything is true to me it does not matter
I have no time, I can't cope, I can't cover it
then I really say it
I don't, I don't, I can't, I can't do it anymore, yes
Now I don't come here to say good
We are going to test with you that we have
your divine hanger now everyone to my channel
Please, not now, but in two years' time.
or three years or two months or one week
whatever it is, it is established
conversations well we get along well
with each other because I won't be able to
do a collaboration with you because you
not one with me but damn naturalness no
I'm looking for the pasta upside down now
I have a move, I have my wife who
She is sick and reacts for nothing like that
Same thing is thought that I give you a
million euros for fact here with me
of the pasta for the collaborations is
say to collaborate with others
YouTube is something we haven't
invented here is something that is done
all YouTubers in all fields
in all countries where YouTube and
There are YouTubers and all they do is
generate synergies generate support because
but I don't make money doing one
Collaboration now on Javi's channel
oliveira nor you nor jandro nor anyone
really another question sandro do you think
that he sees from today onwards perhaps
It's hot on Twitter but you think
that from today on he will have
consideration with you and will value
Everything you have done for him I have done
wish okay I do wish it, that is to say it is
say I don't come here to say what's bad
You're a flatterer, no way am I coming here to you
say everyone is wrong and the
First of all, I come to ask for this.
apologize publicly and once
admitted the error and admitted the
culpability
We are going to correct the victims that there are
behind we will bury the hatchet
war and we are going to move forward and if that
If you don't understand it, it will continue to fall.
and that's it but don't splash me anymore because
I don't feel like it and the broadest one tells you
that I will be the one who is like you say
I wish I wish that people I
I wish you wake up, I'm not looking for any
I hope you look at the evil that I wish on you.
plans that harm falls on me
I wish you Joan, I swear that I
I don't wish any harm on my son.
bad what I want is for us to have one
healthy community that everyone looks at me
has made me feel so [ __ ] bad with
Holland Street, which sends a point
gift from amazon damn [ __ ] and I don't get it
I say that I felt two days here I have
become a moderator of my channel so that
You know that these are things that later
In the end they make you feel super bad
because you will be wrong if you are charged like this
with everyone, damn it, so that the one who
I don't know her, this was a girl who
I was in it, it was good, I followed it a lot
then really sends you a lot of super
Chaile is a very active girl, you when
It was the dispute between David Santos and me
In the flat images I think Jolie is here, I don't know.
wanted to put in or didn't want to get wet
they kicked out of the group
then you said it was the time you wanted
Host Joan plants told me with the
lukewarm such that he warned me it has already fallen, read on
and it is true that I had to kick her out of the
chat and such what happened in the
chat so you end up discarding this one
Girl, what happened is relative
apologies that you have understood as that
Now of course setting a meeting was already a
My [ __ ] mistake because I understood
yes yes
Let's see if there are two groups and there is one
person who belongs to both groups
logically full transmits actions is
say for example opens sales follows
davis santos follows me and follows
Joan Planas if the three of them are there then it will be
there are leaks between the three at the back
through people like her who are
in all three, of course, then you say
Well then you go see and walk in the
The plan is that he is expelled and stays
davis santos and in mine you say good
Well, if it's in mine, logically I
now he's not going to think that he's going to start
see leaks here and there of what
to comment on the news that he is collaborating on
Come with me to find out David Santos
understand the movie, don't listen, look
Please, I ask your permission to go to Ventas Street
If it's not too much trouble, do you mind?
that he takes you out of the group such and such, look
I ask your permission, you were leaving and when you leave
I say I'm an idiot, but on top of that, he's so
good the girl who doesn't want to even
conflict is going there I see her above
having fun and then feeling super bad
I say no no this limit cannot be
arrive we have to rescue Yolanda there
that you have to apologize to him/her
take it, come on, that's really true
On top of that, he still trusts me and doesn't know
How grateful I am to you but that
straight bullet that makes me wake up [ __ ] and
It must be said that and three comments
further
But I don't want this to seem like you
is trying to find the nuts or
nothing but dude you did a live show
in which you praise Joan Planas for
somehow have warned you with those of
Here Jolie is and you haven't noticed
count to the point that you had it
that you threw this out live
then we will see how many times I have to you
say that I am wrong
jandro uncle
I hope it looks like it's me who's here
trying but you're doing it [ __ ]
slow down a little too I mean
I understand, I understand that you are
pissed off and I have them too but
Listen to what I also ask of you and I
I sincerely ask you if I
wrong and I came here
to remedy the matter is worth it because I
I'm wrong, I feel really bad about it and
I feel really bad about it.
I came for that but don't tell me that
I just wanted to understand if there was
something else because really with
objectivity
I would do it if I said it was good maybe
I did it wrong or right, I don't know.
[ __ ] somehow it gives me the feeling
that you reaffirm yourself in a live show
after and that doesn't mean that
I would have done wrong, I understand that it is something
human
the fact of having perhaps done something
the process takes a time because
I also have many yes something
It is completely human to try and
still in sinking in having put to
verbalize that form each omen that
Let's see, I ask Yolanda to
Holland will go and automatically
I don't feel bad, let me explain, I mean.
go Holland and we started talking in the
group, well, Yolanda has left, yes
Look, this happened, I don't know what happened.
which then begins to exist
comments within the chat pass a day
and he already spoke with the handlers and I'm fine
a moderator, hey man, it doesn't seem right to me
correct and such and such all this has a
process this is not from tomorrow night
such and such and that's when
suddenly wakes up and says I [ __ ] myself
tip but throughout that process I
I made a video, it's a [ __ ] live show
okay and mystic that [ __ ] direct what
nothing else happened to me
Let's see, I don't want to flog you for that.
direct and such I tell you that it is something
human many times because you are in a
direct just did something says is that
I understand, he said it's no big deal
that people are armed or anything like that
Well, I appreciate it, but please, man.
vote for Vox
No, well, look
please please
Philip, don't give me more money than
help flat it bothered him just
post a tweet with the screenshot
screen of the 100 payments so by
Please give me the 2-6 saving the
next time but no don't get into this
let's try or at least in my
presence or I beg you not to enter any further
whipping and such but in the end
I really have a bad time, not to say me
I come here only to try
seek reconciliation
supreme and maximum attempt is to seek the
reconciliation that is not achieved later
today
I can no longer enter the life of the whole
people but I have put my attempt
to the ground today because it comes out of me
balls and it's costing me to ask you
forgiveness to all to all of us is worth it and
I have to endure this penance and not
nothing happens and then when I go out on the street
Tomorrow they will tell me you are an idiot and
I assumed that from there it was okay because nothing happened
I admit it and that's it, but it's okay.
[ __ ], I have the confidence that
wake up jon planas
that's why the only thing that happens is that I see you
too much
positive and does not do things by saying
clearly that the group presents against
Tali Mira's move now apologizes
that I want people like that with heart
guy with heart [ __ ] people
x I think I had a little one too
beef with my account of this rancid in
twitter and really god contrast the
moment and I understand that
perfectly and everyone has it
I think that I do have the doubt, it's me.
I get a little feeling that if it is
so because this is from one day to the next
I also don't see that happening in a
one day to another
I have the feeling that yes, during
all this time there was the best one voice
within your consciousness today for some
side on your head saying watch out
that maybe we are making a mistake
With this there is no feeling like already
Well, once we're lost, we'll go to the river. You know we have.
chosen we are colleagues of Johann Plants
we are with plants with this but in the
in the background there was no one living behind
It's crazy, this is a little weird, I know.
If you see strange things that may have been the case
for less he leaves you with the fly
restless but you convince yourself it is
say although I when I am with a
wheat person I totally turn around okay
and I admit it, I completely give in and
then what happens is that well, I have
made the mistake and that's it but it is
It is true that what you are saying about
[ __ ] you feel bad internally and
If you have done something wrong you are left with the
fly indeed there are cases the case
She relapsed, pretty, and left me with the fly for
that made me wake up but late
days I explain
and I understand it
Jandro, I seriously don't want you to see me anymore.
here as someone and peric and inquisitive
that is there because it is not because of you
you did this because what I did
I understand and especially when within
Yeah
a group like this and these are generated
resonance chambers where all the
world is saying things and things and you
you're bouncing around and you're listening and there's also
censorship of people who bring people
a different move because it takes me away
I explain you can see their chat look I'm going
I'm going to tell you something I wasn't going to
tell it but well I'm going to tell it
Roma-Gallardo sent me screenshots of
censorships that were being made in it
when he had his debate and told me look
Alejandro is here they have made a
censorship series and it is only because
You see, that's already out of the comment.
jokingly gallant then I stayed
Thinking about that I say well there is nothing
Bad if there are insulting things here there are
things that make us feel good there are things that
such and such
I came to what I commented before, I say
that there is so much censorship in the end
In a group what you do is remove all
that idea that really doesn't suit you
liking it so you stay with one
only idea is that there are no differences
because it is a single idea and there is no debate
It's what they say and that's what happens
the groups of Jong Planas, well, well,
average peak with the ones I know
the 34 followers who are permanent fixtures
fixed
to reverse you in four literal and accurate
It is precisely what I see it gives me
vinci
They're taking it out back here, my girlfriend.
that is behind there is much more
hooked is with you I also say one
thing I am then in a certain way because
I am like this and I will die like this. I am already 40.
sticks and I will surely die so that
Tomorrow all the evil that they do to me will come to me
I forget or am I telling the truth?
I forget or I don't care about the harm they do to me
to me because I am not a person
I'm not spiteful, I'm not keeping that [ __ ]
[ __ ]
but if I feel uncomfortable in a
environment in which it is negative and it is the
that has happened to me and that's it but it's that
what has happened to us all too and
I say this because he does talk to people.
with a person from Logroño with someone nothing
tell us that Uncle's stream had
more or less a community on youtube that
we were not nor could we have
Look, I've made out with David Santos, I don't
He has made videos but he has criticized me
or think differently like I think and everything
this but I tell the fans that it is
outdated and totally simoes those of that if
we can have different opinions
We can criticize when he was super friend
mine
criticize this character and for a hundred me
He said, well, I'll give them as soon as possible.
It's already there, it stayed, but to see if I
I understand you Sergio, yes on my other channel
from youtube in the geek my major
collaborator and friend fear childhood and
Also, my wedding witness is from Podemos.
Damn, if I understand you perfectly, I know what
What are you telling me? There is a lot there.
much more behind a person
democracy that people vote say
that basically by force you have
had to see things that didn't add up
Obviously we are not going to throw them at you
all in face because it would be for that
were here there is a plan that some
maybe I had two eggs inside me
pants and came here to debate with
we who will never be but you
We could say a thousand things like the other
day supporting the feminist wishing her
I will change them and make the complaint with me.
Well that doesn't shock you, it hasn't had the last one
type where the feminist is the latest
defending a feminist no
defending and wishing thousands that
make the complaint to me well and
Well, look, I'm Sarah, and that's not going to work against you.
against his speech, let's see, I understand
that this is already a personal audio between him
and I had to put in millions, half I can't
Saying nothing is one thing but for example
If I defend Valentina I am
defending a feminist and endorsing
Valentina must be canceled, and Carlos
Salgado, you don't have to donate the money
because the campaign is helping him
feminist
These are things that are really hard, Jandro, let's see.
but I can understand you are worth it and
empathetic reason because I have also been
deceived by a group of people who have
supported only until the day I gave up
realized that it didn't fit because
I hope so, but for an egg for an egg
There must be, don't tell me there wasn't
There will be things that don't matter to you
Of course I'm a [ __ ], otherwise I wouldn't be here.
[ __ ] if it weren't for what it is, it would still be the same.
that what happens and is what I
What worries me is that when I look at a tweet and
Also I'm just going to say one tweet from one
person called the trump list
It seems to me or Juan or sometimes and no
mccord on twitter and to the plan and sta
I think it's called that it was the trigger
For me, that kid was the one who made me
waking up was the girl I don't even have
idea of ​​what the issue is that
He named victims of De Jong Planas
and started to put all you know jump of
hiv javier oliver and arroba gallardo no
I know how much it turns you on, keep following the thread and keep going.
putting 333 hand and then puts futures
victims of flats and put jandro lion the
ranting Galician
when I use the chip and said
Yes, I mean that the cross hits you
There is no brain, he says it's your [ __ ], let's go
to turn things around a little
yes to look a little from above
from here below that I am it is not that
you make mistakes and it's already clear that you see
strange things but at that moment it is
super focused and super person dude
normal natural and that's it and they treat with
cheese and that's it
Look, let me say it and that's it.
It ended when my specific case happened to me
with a police union that if pep
I believed all of it firmly and blindly
Alfredo Perdiguero because of Alfredo
I got two lawsuits from the retriever
serves pool and four of them to me
forgive forgive what was said 34 Greek and
two lawsuits and the law for the protection of
data is also valid for using the logo
that it wasn't yours what happens that when I
I asked him for explanations then the evil now
me and started attacking on social media
I made a video as it is, the plans are
but police understand that what
I really lived it there then but there
was positively blind and uncle who
It's happened so look and form me sends me
biased information
this and showed me a sheet of paper that was enough for you
I make a video, dude, you're a cop like
I will go justly, Moorish, to death with you.
because I'm that [ __ ] and that's it and
Sorry I don't mean to say that the vote
of trust of the self, the truth that
Here I see that at least you have
It was you who took the step, that's what it is
that seems and has not been the reason why in
other cases have been the one that started
the attack and the one who has taken off half
whoever it is at the slightest that they have not
being right is worth, for example,
It has been the case of pulling Valentina from
David realized now that they have been
because they don't have a son-in-law, he dances it
aguará and here it seems in the
case of arriving left the part because it is
one thing about that is a conflict
It was also widespread in Galician
through the medium he also explained yesterday
and then I also tried before
make this video that I'm here with you
I've already arrived to make a video
tomorrow, under the same conditions, say
Hey look, let's bury the hatchet.
war and I just want it to be said
we train hatchet and we are not going to
talk more the story is over and we go
to try to focus things on [ __ ]
get along like we have a lot
positive things to take away that in the end
These things only do
heat your [ __ ] head and four then
good videos that you can release in
YouTube doesn't release them because you're with
a point again in the stomach by
At least that happens to me, so it is
which is right and is what has happened to us
past in this youtube group yes
of more than beyond that we
we could get along better or worse and such
Well, we were a community that did not
we got into this kind of things, that is to say
This whole conflict of I'll do you a
video the other one that does such between
This would never have happened to us if not
It would have been because this person had
started and would have liked to enter very
strong in this dynamic and yet almost
all of us who have been affected
the roll of how we can make it so that
this stops but when you say that is what
that interprets is that you are saying
that you want to censor him or you want him not to
say your opinions or do you want me not to?
speak the uncontrollable truth that you have
or that he doesn't criticize you or that all of these
things and the thing is, let's see that
There is something that I think you don't realize
and it is the fine line between
criticize an idea or say something from time to time
when and become obsessed and become
the target of all criticism and what
will dedicate himself day by day to trying
dismantle and destroy and that here here yes
Well, not almost everyone, but I have
especially affected because I
With the Johann Planas thing, God, I already
I said no, the guy didn't ask for this.
I've been doing this for a year and a half now.
that at the time the valley stream
Uncle, whatever you say, we'll stop.
and the dad dad dad roll they already have
Twitter and the "okay, don't answer" thing
dad dad and suddenly three days later
a video on youtube and twitter is a bird
but damn man what have I done to
this turkey so that I suddenly dedicate myself
all of his
activity to try for the client
call you lukewarm, remove you from your homeland
Holland makes a lot of money, I think.
I should earn less boys ta ta ta ta
ta and it's a video such I don't know that in a
direct not only mentioned and such
then of course there comes a time when
What do you say, what do I do? I'll stay.
He answered him quietly, but it's just that he doesn't
I want to enter into this dynamic in such a way
because on my channel there is something new about me
I have cried
of man
Don't answer him crying, why and if
that's my hair
good good to say that I mistreat you
because I'm telling you no
feeling
I understand the pain but it is true that
primarily because that's how it's going to be in
my community at least always the
I respect
but well, to everyone it is to say yes and yes
Someone speaks badly of you too
I'm going to cut it, I don't know what to do
better to do it right so far okay but
I hope that from now on of course
also be done correctly or best
that I can
But hey girls, I can't say anything.
more than
I am concerned about this issue and we are going to
see how it turns out I have hope that
God willing, this has a good course.
Javi is convinced that no, no.
Let me be the one who wants Salcedo to form
but I already have well the only thing that you
I say in that sense that at least
Right now Joan Plana doesn't have the
capacity that perhaps he did have a while ago
a year to screw someone or try
take away credibility and such and well that
That is what at least those who now know
You're going to get into conflict with Johann.
flat or are you in conflict with Johann
flat that you get along well I think
that he is used to for many years
months of attacking people and not receiving
answer or trample and sentence
superior until it has stood up
already made the cels accustomed to the
kitten not the one who gave the kitten
The cat did not respond seriously either.
he was very involved in the rag and
That thing that grew on him is worth even silver or expensive
but but if I want to say one thing and that
Please hear me, the audience and
especially yours Javier Olivera
I say it to him with affection, which is very maximum
I respect what I'm going to say now, okay?
but the audience don't tell me why
generally Latin American reason
They tend to be more communicative
violent insulting this and that in
general scope I am speaking in general
Let no one be offended because I ask for it
Culturally it is usually like that and I don't
you say why but they come close to
enjoy it is clear the person who
there he is more accustomed and this
I have seen that we are here
we are more sensitive to the
insults and there they [ __ ] on the mother and
He drinks a beer while raising that
feeling of that feeling that they are
The more insulting the more aggressive the
why does it mean this because
Please watch the video as well.
At least I don't do it either.
that he receives insults from everyone and that everything
the world now generates a new hatred
also generated by jandro al
There is a flat acceleration, no way I would do it
I'm looking for that's what I'm looking for
that people calm down that we throw
all the [ __ ] h
to the ground damn it since we understand and
I also listen to the audience because I
What I'm looking for is that Joan Plana also
realize that this is not the way
to insult that please we take
everyone is fine and Joan Planas is simply
keep making such awesome videos
for which I became their patron and
member of your channel because they are
the initial videos are beastly, okay?
Now what is happening now has had a
a pothole and that's it, and a pothole that is forgiven
that can be forgiven and that does not happen
absolutely nothing because we all
we were wrong and the evil that I regret
that they wear flats that fall on me
because I don't wish any of them the other way around.
What I want is for things to go well for you
[ __ ] things, I make a [ __ ] living off of YouTube.
mother [ __ ] something that I don't because I
Basically on Android I think that the
Most people who have had the
problem with flat jean not even
They want your forgiveness, what they want is for you
forget about them well
Yesterday, okay, I checked Twitter before.
Dian Plana and until yesterday has continued each
day putting clip about David's videos
saints on alienated videos on
frozen video every time something
the only
and relates it to love is like
that someone is being a [ __ ] to the
of love
but forgive me for laughing because it is that the
audience is putting that you think not
I read but it makes me laugh a lot here
13 12
They are the initials, each letter has a
number
but if it's those people
until I just burst out laughing
that you know that it is something that also
we have to be aware and it is something
what are you doing
There are people who interpret it like that and it is
understand the things that can put everyone
people on the internet especially in them
in profiles that are followed by thousands and thousands
of people I can't control everything
what my followers suddenly say
just like me
Joan Planas when I had a
insult that I know came from
the followers whether they are flat I collected
two insults
somehow exposed as if
it was something that came directly from Joan
flat to see you can't understand that all
people who write from the
things you say on the internet and even
all the roles that exist on the networks and
for the comments especially the
YouTube comments do not improve and you
I understand Sergio, I understand that no
You can control in the comments that
put all the followers and such because
Well, more than one now what they
get out of the spout, what he has
what to do but I do ask for everything
heart that for my part at least
put that part of respect that not
Let's go enjoy it in none and that's it
is now not looking for any evil okay is
say that I did not generate this video that
supreme negativity problem for another
but rather a turning point that
be a turning point video
to improve for everyone
I think that I think that the point I think
that the turning point today is going to be
from 200,000 to 180,000 that is not
that evil in reverse
for a moment, that is to say, of the 280
It's a summer he's a great artist and great
YouTube doesn't wish it, I wish it but it arrives
wait a minute, people are getting tired, man.
There comes a time when in no time
the channel subscription has been requested
From Joan Plana I believe that none of the
criticisms that have been made and never
never have dominion over any of your own
tumbles
that one thing that cannot be done is
It is very serious to do this, never ever ever
has done however has arrived
in which he has gone from saying that he
It didn't matter that it was a cleaning that
was doing it on purpose until
had to hide it because it gives him
shame I imagine well he has the
right to hide it if you want and that's it
It is because the promise is good that the
knowing is your business, he told my country in
football topics you know the fact that
you subscribe or re-subscribe
go 7 / let us go but I will
I say one thing that there is one that is so that
can hold us responsible for this and
other than the person responsible for that yes yes the
stand already subscribing to a killer plan
such is the front
That is the issue that he tried to make you see
also because on my channel too
It has repercussions, that is to say, if I collaborate with
one person and suddenly my channel
starts to pull down when not
I do nothing wrong in quotes or I think
I don't see anything wrong, something is happening and
I have to analyze it and I have to
analyze and when I start to see it
certain comments that he also provided
And I say, look, I think this one is right.
Look, I think this other guy looks over there.
here taking a mistake looking for the
less we are going to wake up we are going to
sit down now to analyze ourselves
that's it, that's it then
I'm not saying all this to improve my
YouTube channel because now go to
tepic of subscribing to the world because yes
not with me for this video because that
cinema and subscribe I have the video
I do it to feel good because because we
we've been opening for a [ __ ] time and that's not
there are problems and especially because with the
local now or I at least apologize
that Aelia is already there
and well these are my values
I never interpreted that your alias is
knows of no case nor have I said one
derives what android just did to
I don't know if not yes that at some point
and to me it is what because it is another you have
said and it seems to me that it is well said
which is many times
almost the most damage done to Joan Planas
It is not the company itself with its actions and
I have said that many times, but the
chamber of ccoo of people who
uncritically they dance all the
thanks, they applaud everything he does
They say it's wonderful whatever it is
whatever you say, whatever you do and in
That's the sense I'm saying this is almost not you
doing well because if I were of his
family, his girlfriend, whatever he says
would have done it several months ago
intervention the typical thing that you get to
house you reggae your family with your
closest friends and says he has sat down
Here I'm going to tell you this, look at it
We say it because we love you
That is often what has happened to me
similarity that has been missing have flat
and in that sense there was a moment in which
what they are saying [ __ ] is
Complaining is encouraging it more.
delirium that he has with everything that
surrounds more
Well, let's see, I'm also in the shadows.
I talk a lot with him, I also stay that
It happens that I have already said it as the
impression that I had
objective is not something I have already said
the videos nor that there is is encouraging to
people and nothing like that again me
I thank you from the bottom of my heart but it's true
that what you just said in what
It is the shadow I also comment on it and
I always say, hey, look, man, I think that
This is the mistake you have to make.
the other does what happens is that if someone
He doesn't listen to you anymore, it's not your fault
logically the fault is already one's when
you have detected everything when you don't
They listen and when everything is still the same
then move away move away because the ship
It sinks, I apply myself and you join him
and he won't do anything and I'm not there
talking about this because I know they are going to
take this fragment and they will say go for it
subscribers and now pasta such and such
which no no no no no it's that if you see that
There is a problem, you detect it, you show it
and you say, hey, this needs to be corrected because
If not, it's not just that you're going to
bite but everyone who goes with you here
you have a black hole that you have to
detect and correct if you do not correct it is
bad because you're going to see the [ __ ] [ __ ]
and [ __ ] and it also makes people feel
people who could have been given to
planet quite some time ago I think that
the fact that you are sir cannot
take responsibility for how you are doing
YouTube or how to give us that
Javi Oliveira or I still don't know that I don't know
how many uncle because good and oliveira
I also thought about it when I was written
messing with Javi Olivera's stuff
What I said is that the guy is already getting involved
with a Sanse channel or like Javi
Oliveira with all the love and I tell you
Yes, all the attitude Javi, but I'm a guy.
while because you make videos that go
about this type of criticism and this type
The problem is that I don't know why the hell you
you mess with a kid who you know is going to
win while you are going to lose in
any conflict you have with him is
that just in jandro this is what what
we said at the beginning and I told him in one
of the videos is so involved with the cat
He's into Sergio, but with me he's
that can do whatever you want
because I will not have limits in
answer you on the contrary as if you want
that we are hooked all week
and when the video when you said
2021 such that what he said has made me
many videos the roll of no no but it is
that when you to me Joan Pere Macías no
I know how many videos you have 15 20
videos from your timeline that then
I erased them, I put them there, I removed them
such but that affected me the
Dubai creek when I said [ __ ] it is
What I'm getting is that it doesn't stop
see attacks on twitter on youtube in such
on average what happens is that there are accounts for
criticizing you or what you want is not literal
This is the case now, let's see.
What about [ __ ] me, my intention is not bad
My intention is to get to say this
It is a turning point, this is a
turning point I will not continue
attacking whatever I do on the flat
I just say with all my heart do what
do some good man's flats to see if
we reached the point where there is a
bestiality of attack maybe lame and
from a small roll application like this
made of abbey saints
Okay, the man took it and said, hey look
It's about goodbye or explanations, it's over
Well, maybe it will be my turn at some point.
punctual allow silence
art the idea that you're going to get good
I don't know, I'm going to, I'm going to pass.
I say it completely, I really don't
I'm going to remove the support will have my
support whenever you want to call me when
want let's fix things let's go
Let's get things on track there
To stop the attacks my intention is
tension is also good, I don't know if it is
will get boys I understand that
you have a lot of attack time
as is and you see this as very far away I
Yes, yes, yes, the attack begins, it would begin today.
against me then I don't know I already know you
I will say later, I hope not.
I certainly don't wish for that, nor do I wish that for myself.
community nor do I wish that on my channel nor do I
He didn't want me or my family or my
children nor do I wish it on Johann
because I think it's negative or an attack
just because
but he allowed me to speak to him later
criticized that when he speaks he stops
Oliveira seemed to be talking about the plague
in person said when he went to his channel
He said it was as if he had in
eurodisney that I get married my mother that with
what followed javita those who speak
when he talks about Javier and measurement too
With his attacks I understand that but it is
that
aggressive with him and was more or less and yes
that the stream was giving me a hard time
[ __ ] javi these eurodisney how me
I like your channel Sandro who felt
like on TV the channel that a
channel that I watch so much and I sit here
As a famous person I want to take advantage and
send greetings to Dante because Dante
when Joan Planas entered
I think there's a before and after, I think I'm going
to make a big hashtag something like that I'm going to
do because when he entered into plans he said
host I plagues is in the group of
jandro lion dude i'm a fan of you and
Suddenly the anger was under control
and the poor patch man ate it
He ate the wheat but good Dante a
Greetings and I really insist, I hope
This is fixed, damn it, I want peace.
Damn, I need to sleep well.
peaceful
I think there is a great community here
from YouTube that make content that is not
has nothing to do with this that no longer
They want it to be fixed so much but
They want it to look like a plan and that
padilla life to everyone and that
There was a time when I told him no that
asks you a lot to launch harassment and that
It seems very limited from the roll and
roll of there is no case of harassment
and bullying in which the own
harassers and those who do it themselves
bullying are wanting to stop
all kinds of conflicts and that they are not
mention more and let everyone continue on their own
side what has happened to everyone and
each one with whom I have gotten into
flat during you
Basically there's supposed to be a sucker
Say it and all of them and I'm not included here
because I don't care what you are
I'm hoping this will stop, you know what I'm saying.
I recognize that I have called many of you no
I have had the case of speaking with HIV but
Yes, I have spoken with Javi.
I have been with a gentleman from Logroño
I've been talking to David Santos
talking to a few and look at it
spoken
Well, a few youtubers and what I
I realize that the reality is that no
there is that connection between you
constant of chupi pnd and how much is
sells are not sporadic connections of
Come today my channel comes out, come on okay and
you don't talk again for three weeks or so
a month
there is no problem between us
but we are partners no ...
kind of problems and we get along well if
It comes up today is Sergio selling my channel or already
I saw how he called me the other day, are you coming to
my channel that is talking about twitter me
seems out of the ordinary unless
I'm removing myself by editing my case is not
My content is critical but it is that
nor that tension of criticizing them
none
if anything, give your opinion on his moves
I'm already old
However, Joan Plana is a channel that
He is not dedicated to salt and joins the controversy.
and yes, he has criticized YouTubers
until recently has done a lot to
all these people have made videos
exclusively to criticize ute vh al
another to the one on the motorcycle and not only that but
How are they saying who in this supermarket?
chat
Well they're not saying thank you
Giordano and thank you very much and that has been
dedicated to giving diffusion to any
video that went against video or tweets
that went against any of that
people and I ask in the end what is won
With this you win, generating hatred is reaching
[ __ ] off
the conflict has already lost including the
Joan's own plans including his own
jon plans here what we have done is
to be exposed
and in bad ways, dude, he was already pissing me off.
girl, you don't know me when it started
conflict and talk when I said I'm going to
seriously have to make a video
answering help plans of a
conflict that has nothing to do with
The theme of my channel has nothing to do with
what my followers want to hear
my followers
They don't want any idea at all, not in the afternoon
that and in fact every time I make a
I answer the video because there is one of you or
It's that I can't take it anymore, what I get is
a world of uncle messages does not us
I'm interested in this [ __ ] and I say [ __ ] yeah
I wish I could afford it
luxury to say this does not interest me either
because I'm not interested but it's that I
It also affects everyone's life
He wants to stop this and I don't know what and
bury all the hatchets of war
universe but there is an element in all
This equation is a roll that does not see the
things like the rest and that says no no me
that I do something else I dedicate myself to
pay us that if there is someone who
I should have told him a long time ago
but I think it's going too far
God
I'm not removing a comma from you there, why?
each one - I want to put another one
window your girlfriend here sir how do I do it
It's not that it's here, it's really almost
the Stasi would come out later
but very bad
and this says that he has a bad time but this
It even affects the people you are with
You are here all day long, my mother too
was [ __ ] up with this [ __ ] because I
I could see well
I am watching
You can't imagine it, but please don't.
golden voucher
and I want then again that I
I like to take out the cord there
basically what I was saying to
Sandro, everyone collects what they always do.
Oh, I don't believe in him.
I am not a believer, you know that I do not believe in
things like that but I do think they are
consequences
you have what you are looking for for a long time
but I do believe in the consequence
called consequence and in the end all the
world pays for what it does and it is because
I have you are looking for it has been years
trying to find out how much money there is
vh earns how many orders you get
people support him and continue to suffer
channel because it is believed to be voice but
It isn't but I don't know what I'm trying to do
indirectly that people
I would subscribe that it is not bottle 22 and that is what it has
made with many people and now that they
It's happening because they're losing their temper
people from your channel
in the end
I'm not taking a comma away from you.
The same thing happens to me as what was said before about VHS
which is the reality and which is a bit of it
that I come here to address and try
curb
and that's it because it's going to happen to me too
bored and I hope it doesn't happen to me anymore
I'm saying that I'm being attacked by the
twitter but I hope it doesn't happen to me because
Yes, I'll give you a pair of three pairs.
I'll be damned if I come to be with you
but you must not know or I don't
I understand the same as you have but that
I don't understand you wanting to be a car either.
convince yourself that it doesn't work that way when you
beams was by his side throughout all
these months and so serious that the account
that leaves a pattern for you, that is to say that a
pattern I at the beginning when the thing
Sergio and the TV H thing
Well, I was trying to make a bit of a team.
That is to say, well here it is not so much
Here too these people have said
They have said this and that but I a
moment that I said it is not that they are
patterns that have a problem and start
first one day he dedicates a few work days
how many I was there the next one is
dedicating this and completed the week to
end up doing the count
entire 'twitter' dedicated to that person
and it goes up, it climbs levels of knowledge
skip the insults, fool, there are fruits that
the level of personal attacks is increasing
I don't know how many live videos until
pending each click on can
take out
and this happened to Sergio last time
tve hd the past or anything
Victor Dios has already become obsessed with a tweet
of undefeated because he put that the battle
cultural the cia you vh of freedom it
that there are offensive points and 7 that arise
are ellipses included all the
channels that talk about the cultural battle
because he had been offended because they had
put a Chinese on him and kept it for him
tweet for three or four months until
that until he was equipped he managed to throw
in the face the day he invited him to everything is
true and they are uncomfortable situations that
He created it and in the end he is a guy
strange a strange guy because I have see that
for me the one who supposedly gets offended
I say, wow, this man is
kills with things that I with her with her
war that I have here I was with
other youtube I wouldn't think with those
[ __ ] is not that I can't say
further
That's all I have
the awakening the awakening the stopping and that's it
It is and that's it, that's how I know
that I repeat and reiterate and I know that it is happening
tiring and that maybe I'm more stupid
that the stones will start the attacks
As the supers are telling me here
chats and other things I will regret I will regret
a lot but I'm not going to do it
Let's see if I was wrong, that's it and if
I was wrong and he apologized and now
starts the attacks when I look for one
white flag and take out the flag
white on the part of all I believe and my
conscience is clear that I am
doing well but well the beginnings
attacks towards me because I will have to
take on my penance my penance for
having supported during this time and already
It is and that's it, I hope not.
I hope he doesn't come to laugh, I hope he can
say I you have made a mistake sin the
[ __ ], look at my stomach pain
I also come the wave I don't love you
crush but that you do not do so either
holy okay you don't know he has done things
bad, quite bad and really bad
I don't want to bother you with this or anything
but let him speak that you also have yours
part of the blame
I don't think I have such an active guilt
as something passive maybe what is it
that would be seen from the point of
jandro the passive part of being part
to be working at the best with
someone and say I know I understand
Uncle, it's not a roll of it's the moment in which
that you see as when you maybe
It is positioned with thousands and maybe
you searched and argued points for
always try to defend her if he
character tells him in this book
the mind of the righteous that speaks of that
really a debate or something like a clash
ideal is not won by the one who is right
the one with the most arguments wins
so really when we
we defend someone's point of view
and so we are not defending the truth or
what is right but who we really are
intelligent when it comes to preparing and
articulate points of view to defend
that and that's what we do
constantly we
when trying to find shapes with his head
to justify what I was seeing and why
more than reinforcing the one that was in
that moment when it is unjustifiable
when now it is unjustifiable because
then high that Javier Perez and if you
I have to say that reality became clear.
that I have done things wrong and I have committed
mistakes but man damn what is it
humanity is being human, that's it and that's it
What load do you carry in case I screw up?
I will have my punishment and that's it, I already have it
that we have to accept it as 40-year-olds
that has had a brain of 5 that I am going to
to become an uncle
If you consider this crush but that
has to assume now the things that you
You'll see and it's not that anything
Now I'm scared because I'm planning to
attack not fear I insist now fear
and I would like to see
but I'm not going to answer, no, I'm not going to
show me mirage at the burial uncle it
sorry I'm not going to answer I'm not going to
enter into nothing, nothing else is that already
be such an extremely attack
disproportionate and unacceptable that already
because I have to give some kind of
explanation as said multiple caletero
the one I believe I have hope for
that I always have it but then I say
When I informed him the same thing happened to me, he said
this one maybe after what happened to me
saints I would speak additional reflection of
there is a second buoy for the metal and me
right now deep down I still have the
hope that after this they will be flat
he even if he is hot at first and
maybe at some point I'll see it from another perspective
critical point of view uncle I have that
hope also well me too me
I just think there is one point yes I already know
that probably not and that it hasn't happened to me either
spent 20,000 times with Jon Plana
Perotti or in some
I think you have to realize that
what the [ __ ] there's no more route here
I can keep trying to go for this
The road along this road is already over for you
man, there is already a limit to the number of people with whom
that you can fight, this can't be it
uncle in infinite plan x people in
YouTube that you can get along with badly
Uncle when then if an alien from the
I would take out the border and the point was exactly right.
exactly that this is how this known people
equal or even closer and not yours
speech will never be that way, be it
that
5 that suddenly the guy, well, how do you
Go to Jandro, I have a catharsis and Diana
wow I just realized everything
God has seen my light, not what I am
I think that maybe I won't tell you anymore
that he apologizes and Naples time that
I simply say one of the hosts, then they go
I'm going to stop this [ __ ] because
I see that it neither benefits me nor gives me anything nor does it
It contributes nothing and does not contribute anything to my channel.
neither to my content nor to the absurd dynamics
realize this I hate everyone
Ute HIV is a son of a [ __ ] Jandro Lyon
he is a traitor
Javi Oliveira is the guy who makes salsa
pink and it's toxic and it's the worst thing on youtube
but it doesn't make me go into this it makes me
to enter into other things would be
positive and I say it for real I assume that
penance and that is what I am looking for if this
video get this if now joan plana
he charges at me for a week and
then it brakes like a [ __ ], like a [ __ ]
and if after a month or so
we started another conversation
we get along again and
can even reach
collaborate why not [ __ ]
but but hey, I hope it's positive, I do.
The only thing I'm looking for is that you'll tell me later.
to hit and slap people saying drugs
total clue then I will tell you also
I will say today to life because that point of view
It was wrong my hope is that it is
as he is saying the same thing that I no longer know
how to call then that's my point
also seen in that aspect that I
I think both can be corrected
people and that everyone makes mistakes
It's already out and I think that one
person you can't handle
you can't debate, you can't talk
can't be found in anything and in this
video for him is a blow to his ego
in a blow to the castle that is in it
create in your head
It's also a blow to my channel
also all the followers he had
Now they are going to leave Joan Planas too.
It is a story in my letter that I want to see
to the people then what I am not is that
They believe that doing this is a benefit
Knowing it here the other way around brings me a lot
harm will come to me from a warming of
head of weeks arguing because already
There aren't many people who are speculating
So you do this for money and
and I know it
Let's go because you have to be very slow to
say [ __ ] for money I'm going to do this
It's the best you can, I don't know how you can
lead to this but it is certainly not
an economic movement, I tell you that
I can guarantee that because it is also a
man makes sense but it's okay it's okay
monetizing on the video channel 100%
for you what that guy put there hasn't
put the screenshot as
saying look look at the cover in fact
to the live also on your channel if
He wants to and he told me no
Alejandro could have profited from it, hey
that's true that's true it has me
proposed that it be shown on both channels
and I said no because this is a
something that I am sorry for, I insist that I know that it is
I always say the same [ __ ] phrase that is
I admit I'm a [ __ ] pain, but I think
that part of the benefit is also that
I hope it falls on Javier Olivera
because it is what there is as as
thanks also for being able to give this
explanation and stop all this
Hey, nothing appeared from behind.
ducks to pass when it is very strange
and well, nothing remains, I think
nothing to say no andros
to see all the damage that may have been done
cause people in particular and
collaborators followers requested
sorry everyone makes mistakes I think
that everyone deserves a second
opportunity should not be censored by
have a different ideology than if you don't
Lose respect and no to censorship
in the aspect of silence respect already
It is and I think that coexistence is
I come opportunely to make a video
conciliator I come to this this for me is
a drink for me I've been doing it for two days
I get [ __ ] tears in my eyes when I get to
two days with my stomach upside down
think that for me this is beautiful in my
people who won't understand why I came
Here are people who already have it, I already have it
word traitor for the rest of my
[ __ ] life but I think I consider that
There is a limit that cannot be crossed
It has happened and we must turn back
recognize mistakes and say I think this
what makes man great and why he
blind is he who does not see the one who follows
moving forward without seeing without correcting is that
that is really destroying and
doing things wrong or right
is
and when everyone is telling you
Be careful, I don't see this here, damn it.
stop think and such I have done it to me
I give it as an example and I hope he does it and
that we do not fall into attacks and so on
personal because it is nonsense for
What a personal attack you win with a
personal attack apart from destroying
someone dignity and [ __ ] no
It's worth it, no, no, this is not what it's about.
from a personal attack
It's about let's respect each other and let's go
to have a coexistence and we are going to do
something nice together, damn
in union and it is already there simply
I wanted to say that I have the ability to give you
thanks for this invitation arose
to be with you
Let's see, I also got into this
direct in a semi-intrusive way and
tupperware because I've heard things and maybe
I travel is that I want to clarify also
Here are a couple of things because many times
When this story is told it is like
the HIV roll against the Sierra de no
no no
You know that it has also happened to me that
It wasn't like that, but well, someone who was
Uncle Jandro
I understand perfectly everything
that you may have had a good time to have
past but all these such and such are not
both in making mistakes and in being in a
moment in a place and say it can be
that acts like this and then the next day
next you think about it differently or
professions if that is the key I believe
that almost everyone here has
It is the fact of going to be aware of the
school I also made a lot of mistakes with
the roll with Johann Planas with such I
I make mistakes a lot of times but I
let's see including the way in which
that started the conflict with Jon Planas
I'm not tired of saying live and
in videos and such that I was wrong in noticing
Cooper's page roll of and without having him
It is missing in this regard having attacked him and such
I said host
I should have said this perhaps
privately and I have said it publicly and
man but there is one thing we have here
almost everyone present, both Javi and
Jandro like almost all the others
YouTubers that I know who are
aware that they are wrong, yes
who are aware that they are fallible
that they are imperfect
and from there on, well, well,
form or other more accepted less
accepted because they try to improve little by little
little fix these things ask
apologizes when you have to ask
apologies
of the only person I can reach
know what the hell it is that not only doesn't
accept none of this but always
go further forward in plan when already
You think you're saying a bit of a host, I think
that here there is nothing more to go on
suddenly that vein there is not one more step and
It's this guy who's giving it the zeros
of what you just said carved in
private things and so on is just the
thorn that remained when I went to the canal
to talk about Davis Santos
When I finished I realized my mistake
I said if I write jazz and on top of that that's what
What happens, what happens, that once
things are done when you then
personal conflicts come and you
you're going to die according to the [ __ ] thorn of the
throne but well that's what we are too
humans and we say something and then
because our natural inertia is not
change our inertia
It is natural to look for reasons
to be able to justify what we just said
say and that is something that happens to us
absolutely everyone then from that
point of view it is normal that suddenly
someone ends up in an ethical mess like
The best thing will have already happened to you, Jandro.
you suddenly say how the hell am I here
I mean, how the hell did I stop doing it?
videos on these topics suddenly
I being obviously responsible for
suddenly be in a place where I am
another thing that doesn't interest me at all
that is not the theme of my channel that is not
I want to talk about this that is not about
This is not about such and such a sudden
on top of the host because I want to get out of
This dynamic, you know, I don't care if it's a
portal because there has been you have given
tells something about this dynamic and it is
normal
and it happened to me with yours with your video
that hides and what has happened to me
saying I have lived it
then I'm surprised that it's not Da Vinci
Now he's saying that Davis is a saint
a saint
at Mother Teresa in Calcutta by your side
has made holy holy
and you go for the controversy, man
If I tell her everything
the other day drug addict Sergio no
I want and there was no heroin
I rebel but he did tell me one
stuff
Vicky, a kiss for you, Vicky, what did she tell me?
report it and I tried to announce it
poor man, nobody reads him or anything
but the colleague gave me a hard time
Mickey Da Vinci yes and I told him that
Well, I wished him all the best in the
life seriously sincerely
but like this
will bring about that I don't have to be honest
okay, the issue of the complaint, I
I personally offered him the advice
legal with which I move which is
He left her for what is worth then what is no longer
I know that he will do that that that is that is
their thing and I'm not going to get involved because they are
their
and what I can tell you is that
the subject of the complaint and the lawsuit is
just as indeed I do too
let me comment on the comments when
I was debating with Roma Gallardo that
you take it from yours as is indeed
I have presented that to them personally
the
halfway through legal, that is to say that it has
spoken with my lawyers
That's their business, they charge you, they charge you or
be you present the lawyer but you
They charge local thanks to the demand I have
put to public I will call Montero
Of course they charge me and also of course
I'm going to collect loyally, football is something
that is for police officers only that can be
now any person and you will see
Well, it's a little bit leo if I percent
out produce since he tells you uncle use
Paul with the choir here who see that me
I refer to just by the association that
mixes the police and the civil guard
Well, that's that association, that association
in external consulting is now that
I presented a voucher and the external could go there
to advise him
and both football and rifle are also football
with police officers and judged in civil guards
They are also external, what happens is that
They specialize in police on guard
civil but the reality is that it could
anyone because you as a citizen
the advice of a lawyer is already there
only story for my networking activity
social and other
a question he has been telling everything
good
only he went I called him
I have called him an abuser who is sick
always any disease
Well that version is not something that you
You will have to prove if there is a complaint.
It's my thing, man, this is something that already
he
the question because I imagine that jandro
I would not be advising or supervising
How was the advice? That is, that is to say, I
I pick up and say, look, take the phone
While talking to the point, he examines the
version a little when he is a lawyer for
make sure about this type of issues and I
I tell him like look, I've said everything
this
you have to do it because be careful and
Let me tell you a constant reminder
I have commented before what happened to me
with the thing about moxos for independence that
They gave me the razor thing
hate crime and it turns out that it puts me in
This hate crime is being filed.
It gives me 20 days of pre-salary which is
He commented on the knife, well then
It turns out that we get ahead and they put me
I don't get a summons to my house
I have a summons to the court of
Móstoles for a hate crime of
Catalonia goes after the unaccompanied minors and I say no
I can believe it persists
archived I don't know what was already there for total
I'm going there but sorry
forgive the control or bad issues that
as a result of this summons that falls on me
It is when I find out that this crime of
I hate that I had put it better in
trend as is because that file
Why am I telling you this to bring it to
what he wants to tell you because when you
you file a lawsuit through libel
slander or whatever logically if a
B&B fund that on the other side there is no
defense will then activate it
better to you directly in another for
to be quoted that there is directly what I
He passed on the notification of the file to me and
That's what can happen too but
If you do not see it logically clear to quote
to take your statement for her that
I will present that I no longer have a [ __ ] clue about what
It's going to happen there, I'm talking to you about my own
management
but I always tell my lawyer
all things as they are
From the outset it is already sold accommodated with
your version hiding things the lawyer tells you
will advise based on what you tell him
you are counting if you are telling him
what you agree with, then where you are is
you giving the first one well
Let's see if Chaco is the topic then I
I have also been frank about that, that is to say
I arrived and said, hey, look if there is
crimes of slander but please leave
of insulting that had come to him all the
history is not insulted but also the
group is found I insist that is not the issue
Joan Pla's is not only the
Twitter and others allow insults
because of course if you do have a demand
that will be filed on the issue of
insults and here are many more insults
is that you are going to provoke the file
then at least if you are going to put the
demand [ __ ] behave yourself on your part
because the actor pays you for that
exactly that, that is true
He also doesn't tell him but indeed
If I were to lose the lawsuit now,
I have with public or it is archived and I
would pay the costs and with María Montero
effectively what has been spent
another one too
Maria's cost more than nine thousand bucks
hunter and public because people do it
You know, it's worth two [ __ ] suing each other, it's in my opinion.
specific case we will see the others I I
in defending myself from a process that I have
right now there is still no trial
He already brought up to nine thousand euros that
said on the phone and that if any
Some condemn him to costs
paying in 26 is twelve thousand euros dollars
apart from what each one carries a
process is a process is getting into something
sure because that is to say if you win it and
sure these chains
I, I am my own public color
because I have clear evidence that the
They have reloaded and this is what happens
They have raised enough money to
finance not only the complaint but also
live from it, I explain, that is to say
There has also been so much clip bein that
logically they have lived super from this and
They have continued to give it to me and every time I
They slander me when I am over 1920
news of public defaming me they call
of ultra fascist Nazi boxing etc.
zz within logically I have notions
enough to be able to put one
demand not against honor and
public image and so on and effectively to
They will sentence them to five thousand euros and
Surely there is nothing else that is what they
pass it on to those who communicate this to you
also said on the phone that many
times the media in
some programs
It doesn't matter to him because in the end it's business
If they lose they have to
- to no one what man I do not believe that I in
flat this circumstance apart from that
I disputed from experience I have
Of course, that one is the one who will lose.
make that investment
fat
magnitude and neither you nor anyone else' uncle that is your
money is your private life and maybe
If you have it or steal it, that's already in that
I can't get in and he can't answer me
It's not about getting into your private life and
I would never do it if what he is
making videos saying no no
has to make ends meet
So if you don't have it by the end of the month
how are you going to get into one
complaint that costs a lot of thousands
of euros and then they are lawyers
prosecutors then the preliminary hearing
then I don't know what you're going to be very sure of
lose in a couple of years that is
the trial and I will hold you to the costs and I
because when there is someone who stops
show you we sent you in addition to the letter
of embargo will be I do not forgive a but
But Javier, I insist, I don't
I can answer you that his life is his
money your time your value your investment
look at it however you want, I know my problem
Okay, my problems are that I have the thing about
public such and the current complaint
with Alfredo Perdiguero it is logically
I understand that it is archived because it has
lying publicly is also worth it to you
I say and I have also done it in a video
He explains it and that's it, then, well then.
Let's see what happens, I'll talk to you.
about my stuff and that's it
what private life has to do with the
reporting of specimens and others since
I'm not going to answer that, damn it.
I paint [ __ ]
Regarding your question why
you want not to throw a cable in
that in your intermediary
but understand me as an intermediary in the
look of hey look to see also clear
I go back to what you said before, no, yes
The lawyer receives 21 videos that tell you
reference the video of course not
and the other part does not actually receive it
we have a biased part and then
talking to you turns out that you show me or
you imply that there are more than two hundred
and a few tweets where he is defamed
It even has the word abuser
Well, I understand that it is throwing money away.
Ok, I understand that the money is there and it is given to you.
You should think but that is already a
The problem is neither yours nor ours
tension if the I if he is for the job
to pay me MV the song has a BMW K
a [ __ ] and I have a facchinetti
because it is an electric scooter but
I put a boxing sticker of those that don't
He likes to do they are taking me with him
earpiece that is now already
state to finish law is no longer valid
we play [ __ ] but what is it now
same doing such a flat live
about the silver pack which is the egg that
It came out yesterday and the title of the live is
How much do you sell yourself for? How much do you sell yourself for?
you sell against me
Well, I have the same thing to do with the
theme of the game because I must
know what has nothing to do with the
theme
I'm a geek, he said super punk or
cyberpunk cinema has a bread of title
title position has position by
how much you sell against me but man look
Honestly, I say another thing about getting into that.
I'm speaking now on your part, that's also valid.
that is to say because you have done only
the question is why I am
living off what he has done and such entering
that is exactly what we have to do
avoid or I am this collaboration
What am I doing with you here today?
precisely so that this does not happen
[ __ ] let's stop that's it and it's not happening
I have nothing to do with fulfilling a
My family was heated up with penance
and in myself and in all the people who
each family had yet to do
let's see, he's not going to do it
I understand that you are not going to do it but
Let's say it happens that he charges against me
abruptly no matter how you do it
Okay, I understand that's my penance, but yes
I know if that stops, damn man, I hope they
valid for something especially also for
make me sleep well, uncle of my heart
I hate you with all the amount of videos
what will happen to you, you will have little to do
I'm not going to fall asleep to finish.
look at not one
I'm not going to look at even one, more to you
gift that what I am they eat
witness and if you want
I think that there really isn't any here
much more traveled all this already
I saw them coming
Andrés out as you want I will you
I appreciate it, I'll tell you it's with me
no problem or expensive thing or anything
because I honestly understand you using
another cane I understand you, that is, the mistakes
that I may have had and such
I understand that I throw them into the
context of the fact I have also seen
in your place so I'm nobody to
judging you there hasn't even made me feel that way
tremendous new damage to all young people
mutually a couple of months and that's it
what in my day to day life I continue to combine
Honestly, on the contrary, thank you very much.
for choosing this channel to show your face
upside down upside down thanks for allowing me
also being able to explain myself and above all
with the initiative to stop this, look at that
I'm tiresome and I know people are going to get on my nerves.
put something strange at the end of the business
I know how to use Twitter
penance
conciliation
Well, but it's reality no longer.
They are lying, that penance is worth it
will be there
Sandro
you were going to invite a cookie from the
peace but I see that seriously many
Thanks to you too for coming to I don't know
If you have anything left in the inkwell, no no no
no, I didn't say anything about everything I had to say.
said but and there I threw myself very quietly
can't get an interview with
Fernando being when you remove it coincides
your channel more than mine, the [ __ ]
I don't blame her either
to the south to the author also I know that is
It's going to be complicated but come
how I like it and the two bastards because
You are a little bastard and you are very hard and
I like that especially when I'm
with the rule is Cuba
because
Javi from seeing here to here and there are days then
I'm more Javi Flower and I'm starting to
look south
There are topics that are very much about going in line or and
I prefer to see you when it comes to issues
more calmly
I see the south a lot because it caught my eye
laughter because as they are they don't get involved
gets involved and gets involved with everyone
The world laughs but I'm going to go
with a knife you always madaf here and not in
seriously seriously the knife was found
hub and I'm freaked out one moment and then what
who more than clear
but it's okay because now when
start the videos I'm going to tell people
Let's see girls if you have your period
subscribe
subscribe by the way a big kiss
big and for children it is worth a lot
thanks to you and nothing
Many thanks to Sergio for your
unexpected intervention everything must be
say it- the pleasant surprise every time
You come and Android and that's it, we'll go.
watching history come and go and
how it happens and I already tell you that it doesn't
You will see me answer, I spend my world
the police my world is to help the
people as best they can that's going to be
my initiative and well if this is going to be
a turning point I say it all
heart to the whole audience and I don't say it
This is to win now
and subscriptions, pasta and all this
history no no no I don't say it because of
This video is true, at least for me.
It has made me feel good because I close a
stage that was necessary
and clear my conscience a little once
with our conscience cleared, let's throw it away
forward and out with or without help but
go ahead and calmly I mean
the people who want to get on my boat
that there is no proof without it
offend because he is a jerk that the other
day he sent me an email telling me that I
It appeared in the edition 5 advertisement
I am going to take advantage of that audience
4,000 people hopefully have this video
lang and this is for you, he sends you or I don't know
How many emails have I written to you? I don't know how many
times and you don't go out with me on my channel
because I'm a police officer and you know it and you know it
that pisses you off because you want to put me to
your side and say brother
about it
Sandro Jr. There is no video. There is no video.
Don't leave me 3 or 4 comments.
saying damn damn I swear it seems to me
a little and nothing uncle here is your house
see if on some occasion any other topic
that we can discuss something about society
policy
lasseter if you have your house here for
when you need anything today
I'm going to propose something
you know and now that it comes to me you already know that
It's about to be a [ __ ] starter
head I'm going to do an interview
navalón matter to Tuesday in Congress
of the deputies at 11 in the morning
I suggest that I prepare myself well
because
and
It is a very good bullet for ccoo for
waste the chairs in Brazil
First I could tell Macarena
Macarena
Karina Lona herself is one of the
boxing personalities that I like the most but if
I have said it on my channel 20 thousand times that
be inside the box besides her and
Santiago Abascal for me are my
My favorite costs are very good for me
Okay, so I want Macarena or
canvas
give your opinion and ask him a question about the
vaccine vaccine
seriously really
I really don't have any like that
timely question that you cannot reach
to her the same thing that I can ask you if
You tell me like that, and I'll write to you.
A question, I call you Mina because Macri
It is but it would be a damn question
then almost and look
anyway I went out he's watching me
There Fonsi is like a kind of
legend inside me I chatted sending a
Greetings and a kiss from Angles if the other
day I don't have moderators, well yes
moderators when the interview says
with a normal Toledo biscuit and tea
moderators do not remove anything from someone
because I was afraid that the month that
They came live to someone with so much
presence and also coming back is so crazy and
to be able to do that hour that nothing and such
I don't know what that also interpreted
jon planas as if he had been one of
looks clearly there is one here
kind of no-shooting thing I have
With them I said hey guys someone
help with this this afternoon
Many thanks to Fonsi admin Fonsi
has admitted well good that you have
said because it was actually commented
so that's very good
Sergio told me, "Do you want to be you?"
same operator I am his girlfriend and in
plan no dude it's your thing, not to see
It was a directory that I had
special fear of this can be
check
Please someone moderate because the
Peña can go crazy and the Vélez
as a favor I really on my channel
I don't have normal moderators at a
aligned is not in my channel of my
direct to know who someone is worth
de manea and fonsi is the only moderator
that I have forbidden him to moderate
That is to say, he cannot kick anyone out.
the director of pages who is there
with you he is just as crazy as me or something like that
by nature
And what do you say? There are many people who
interprets what pages and pages it is
so really I many times
none of them fit on pages that
nobody takes you all the world almost everything
the most voted messages on roll me
Get that guy out of there, but I'm already
let's see let's see
Jandro to Lion, that might be crazy.
it's fun
and beige with ruben and see which ones he brushes
and the roll that is very hardcore
But well, I say that I don't have that.
no problem with Jandro or Bueno
I obviously do have plans
problems but that the trunk that does not
It's nothing personal and YouTube or anything.
This and all the criticism that I receive
make me even I would take it if I did
from the aunt's box is Polish and
all this nonsense
I don't remember, I think we're going and also
I understand by saying it from the site I understand
people who get hot I understand the
people that it's raining people that it's
points to a site and says already for one
question of identity as it continues with
They understand you all
then there is no 0 on my part that
sorry and about that video too
I apologize because this video is for me
I didn't take it as an attack that forms
part of Johann's group but as a
attack that you had seen as a plan
host by rule fine these ideas I'm going to
criticize him in a video and in a review
without command I took it as something that
whether it was from another lobby or another group of
none of this but I thank you but
Even though it bothers me to read it, I decide
withdraw and that's it but it's a thing of
personal and outgoing friend
There is nothing more to say in that regard
So thanks for trick 12, well nothing at all.
What I said is true, here is your home when
I want you to thank me very much for having
chosen this channel for the face and that
Nothing has happened here, okay, and how sweet
and I understand that you don't worry
understanding and hopefully it will take the
situation the best you can is worth it
love, thank you so much
take care, hey, send a message to that one
beautiful woman